####################-15e842b8bf1a55c1df1c369a5f2bae55b3c98ae3-####################
title: Characterisation and analysis of indoor tornado for contaminant
removal and emergency ventilation
abstract: As an essential emergency management strategy, innovative
emergency ventilation schemes that can quickly remove infectious and
fatal contaminants without further spreading are highly demanded for
public and commercial buildings. This study numerically investigated a
vortex flow driven ventilation in a model room to explore the dynamic
characteristics and 3D visualisation of vortex-driven indoor tornados.
Four approaches to identify the core region of the indoor tornado were
developed and compared against each other. By successfully capturing
the continuously changing centre of the vortex and significant core
region size variations at different heights, the swirl vector method
was recommended as a quantifiable approach to identify the core region
of indoor tornados. The numerical outcomes also revealed a strong
connection between the lift angle, vortex intensity, overall size of
indoor tornado and maximum size of core region. The best contaminants
control and removal was achieved at lift angle of 20°in this study and
an optimum lift angle ranging from 10°to 20°was recommended for future
study.

####################-13f6bc615450f0470c2a265e0a2c8506f0b05048-####################
title: Assessing microbial decontamination of indoor air with
particular focus on human pathogenic viruses
abstract: Airborne transmission of pathogens aerosol aging chamber
bacteriophages air decontamination Transmission of bacterial, fungal,
and viral pathogens is of primary importance in public and
occupational health and infection control. Although several
standardized protocols have been proposed to target microbes on
fomites through surface decontamination, use of microbicidal agents,
and cleaning processes, only limited guidance is available on
microbial decontamination of indoor air to reduce the risk of pathogen
transmission between individuals. This article reviews the salient
aspects of airborne transmission of infectious agents, exposure
assessment, in vitro assessment of microbicidal agents, and processes
for air decontamination for infection prevention and control.
Laboratory-scale testing (eg, rotating chambers, wind tunnels) and
promising field-scale methodologies to decontaminate indoor air are
also presented. The potential of bacteriophages as potential
surrogates for the study of airborne human pathogenic viruses is also
discussed.

####################-ce660d55c0f3908969f3542d3c92887c32efb853-####################
title: Formation of dioxins from triclosan with active chlorine: A
potential risk assessment
abstract: A B S T R A C T Triclosan, a widely used antimicrobial
agent, can increase colitis-associated colon tumorigenesis, and induce
liver fibrosis and cancer in mice through mechanisms which may be
relevant in humans. In this study, an analytical method using gas
chromatography-mass spectrometry (GC-MS) and high resolution gas
chromatography-high resolution mass spectrometry (HRGC-HRMS) was
developed to measure dioxins and chlorinated derivatives from
triclosan in the presence of active chlorine in seawater matrix.
Formation yields of dioxins and chlorinated triclosans were assessed
at different initial precursor concentrations under dark and UV light
irradiation conditions. Results showed that triclosan was rapidly
transformed to its chlorinated derivatives, i.e. tetraclosans and
pentaclosans, of which the formation yields peaked after 1 h of
reaction. UV light was the key factor to promote the formation of
dioxins. With the same initial triclosan/active chlorine ratio, the
highest yield of dioxins was observed with lower initial
concentrations of triclosan under UV irradiation. Five dioxins,
including 2, 1, 2, 2, 3, 1, 2, 3, and 2, 3, 7, were identified and
quantified. 2, 3, 7, , the most toxic dioxin, was firstly reported as
the phototransformation product of triclosan in aquatic solution.
Results presented here are useful for a comprehensive understanding of
the fate and toxicity of triclosan in contaminated waters.

####################-5c103d4a5653649f6940c918b784617148e66be3-####################
title: Molecular characterization of low pathogenic avian influenza
viruses, isolated from food products imported into Singapore
abstract:

####################-aae7699e079d2964df8078931cd0f94d4b1423d9-####################
title: Amino Acid Similarity Accounts for T Cell Cross- Reactivity and
for ''Holes'' in the T Cell Repertoire
abstract: Background: Cytotoxic T cell (CTL) cross-reactivity is
believed to play a pivotal role in generating immune responses but the
extent and mechanisms of CTL cross-reactivity remain largely unknown.
Several studies suggest that CTL clones can recognize highly diverse
peptides, some sharing no obvious sequence identity. The emerging
realization in the field is that T cell receptors (TcR) recognize
multiple distinct ligands. Principal Findings: First, we analyzed
peptide scans of the HIV epitope SLFNTVATL (SFL9) and found that TCR
specificity is position dependent and that biochemically similar amino
acid substitutions do not drastically affect recognition. Inspired by
this, we developed a general model of TCR peptide recognition using
amino acid similarity matrices and found that such a model was able to
predict the cross-reactivity of a diverse set of CTL epitopes. With
this model, we were able to demonstrate that seemingly distinct T cell
epitopes, i.e., ones with low sequence identity, are in fact more
biochemically similar than expected. Additionally, an analysis of HIV
immunogenicity data with our model showed that CTLs have the tendency
to respond mostly to peptides that do not resemble self-antigens.
Conclusions: T cell cross-reactivity can thus, to an extent greater
than earlier appreciated, be explained by amino acid similarity. The
results presented in this paper will help resolving some of the long-
lasting discussions in the field of T cell cross-reactivity.

####################-f72975ffd96b7ab1528afbea8f2e885edff6ffe0-####################
title: Cognitive-behavioral group program for Chinese heterosexual
HIV-infected men in Hong Kong
abstract: This study explored the effects of cognitive-behavioral
program (CBP) using a wait-list control group in 16 Chinese
heterosexual HIV-infected men. Participants in the treatment condition
underwent a 7-week group based CBP, which addressed various HIV-
related issues. Relevant cognitive and behavioral strategies were
taught as well. The aim of treatment was to improve the quality of
life and to reduce psychological distress in a sample of heterosexual
symptomatic HIV-infected men. Prior to intervention, baseline measures
showed that our sample had a lower quality of life in comparison with
the local general population. They also experienced a significant
level of psychological distress. Following intervention, men in the
CBP group demonstrated significant improvement in the mental health
dimension of quality of life and a significant reduction in depressed
mood. These preliminary findings suggested that short-term cognitive-
behavioral therapy can be effective in improving the quality of life
and mood of Chinese heterosexual HIV-infected men.

####################-bbb78eb1a08c9ac42c6ddd86d3e5bd1de1c0329b-####################
title: Genome Organization of the SARS-CoV
abstract: Annotation of the genome sequence of the SARS-CoV (severe
acute respiratory syndrome-associated coronavirus) is indispensable to
understand its evolution and pathogenesis. We have performed a full
annotation of the SARS-CoV genome sequences by using annotation
programs publicly available or developed by ourselves. Totally, 21
open reading frames (ORFs) of genes or putative uncharacterized
proteins (PUPs) were predicted. Seven PUPs had not been reported
previously, and two of them were predicted to contain transmembrane
regions. Eight ORFs partially overlapped with or embedded into those
of known genes, revealing that the SARS-CoV genome is a small and
compact one with overlapped coding regions. The most striking
discovery is that an ORF locates on the minus strand. We have also
annotated non-coding regions and identified the transcription
regulating sequences (TRS) in the intergenic regions. The analysis of
TRS supports the minus strand extending transcription mechanism of
coronavirus. The SNP analysis of different isolates reveals that
mutations of the sequences do not affect the prediction results of
ORFs.

####################-9c5ee28376fc314e26bd3ea5f6dc7a5d356d9175-####################
title:
abstract: A B S T R A C T PCR diagnostics are often the first line of
laboratory diagnostics and are regularly designed to either
differentiate between or detect all pathogen variants of a family,
genus or species. The ideal PCR test detects all variants of the
target pathogen, including newly discovered and emerging variants,
while closely related pathogens and their variants should not be
detected. This is challenging as pathogens show a high degree of
genetic variation due to genetic drift, adaptation and evolution.
Therefore, frequent re-evaluation of PCR diagnostics is needed to
monitor its usefulness. Validation of PCR diagnostics recognizes three
stages, in silico, in vitro and in vivo validation. In vitro and in
vivo testing are usually costly, labour intensive and imply a risk of
handling dangerous pathogens. In silico validation reduces this
burden. In silico validation checks primers and probes by comparing
their sequences with available nucleotide sequences. In recent years
the amount of available sequences has dramatically increased by high
throughput and deep sequencing projects. This makes in silico
validation more informative, but also more computing intensive. To
facilitate validation of PCR tests, a software tool named PCRv was
developed. PCRv consists of a user friendly graphical user interface
and coordinates the use of the software programs ClustalW and SSEARCH
in order to perform in silico validation of PCR tests of different
formats. Use of internal control sequences makes the analysis
compliant to laboratory quality control systems. Finally, PCRv
generates a validation report that includes an overview as well as a
list of detailed results. In-house developed, published and OIE-
recommended PCR tests were easily (re-) evaluated by use of PCRv. To
demonstrate the power of PCRv, in silico validation of several PCR
tests are shown and discussed.

####################-d4a66045ac69eb03f800e41c3cb40572d974041a-####################
title:
abstract:

####################-edb6c82007b0ae485698434032ead89735e131a8-####################
title: Indications for permanent pacing in dogs and cats
abstract: Pacemaker implantation is considered as a standard procedure
for treatment of symptomatic bradycardia in both dogs and cats.
Advanced second-degree and third-degree atrioventricular blocks, sick
sinus syndrome, persistent atrial standstill, and vasovagal syncope
are the most common rhythm disturbances that require pacing to either
alleviate clinical signs or prolong survival. Most pacemakers are
implanted transvenously, using endocardial leads, but rarely
epicardial leads may be necessary. To decide whether a patient is a
candidate for pacing, as well as which pacing modality should be used,
the clinician must have a clear understanding of the etiology, the
pathophysiology, and the natural history of the most common
bradyarrhythmias, as well as what result can be achieved by pacing
patients with different rhythm disturbances. The goal of this review
was, therefore, to describe the indications for pacing by evaluating
the available evidence in both human and veterinary medicine. We
described the etiology of bradyarrhythmias, clinical signs and
electrocardiographic abnormalities, and the choice of pacing modality,
taking into account how different choices may have different
physiological consequences to selected patients. It is expected that
this review will assist veterinarians in recognizing arrhythmias that
may require permanent pacing and the risk-benefit of each pacing
modality and its impact on outcome. ª

####################-d233d152df533dd90a4441a904c1652244ee5aaf-####################
title: Clinical predictors of chest radiographic abnor malities in
young children hospitalized with bronchiolitis: a single center study
abstract: Purpose: Chest radiography is often performed on patients
hospitalized with typical clinical manife stations of bronchiolitis.
We aimed to determine the proportion of subjects with pathologic chest
radio graphic findings and the clinical predictors associated with
pathologic chest radiographic findings in young children admitted with
the typical presentation of bronchiolitis. Methods: We obtained the
following data at admission: sex, age, neonatal history, past history
of hospitalization for respiratory illnesses, heart rate, respiratory
rate, the presence of fever, total duration of fever, oxygen
saturation, laboratory parameters (i.e., complete blood cell count,
highsensitivity Creactive protein [hsCRP], etc.), and chest
radiography. Results: The study comprised 279 young children. Of
these, 26 had a chest radiograph revealing opacity (n=24) or
atelectasis (n=2). Multivariate logistic regression analysis showed
that after adjustment for confounding factors, the clinical predictors
associated with pathologic chest radiographic findings in young
children admitted with bronchiolitis were elevated hsCRP level (>0.3
mg/dL) and past history of hospitalization for respiratory illnesses
(all P<0.05). Conclusion: The current study suggests that chest
radiographs in young children with typical clinical manifestations of
bronchiolitis have limited value. Nonetheless, young children with
clinical factors such as high hsCRP levels at admission or past
history of hospitalization for respiratory illnesses may be more
likely to have pathologic chest radiographic findings.

####################-c200db5fc868348e58afcd523ccd85d87e246c26-####################
title: The Alignment of the Physical and Genetical Maps of
Bacteriophage T4 Morphological Aspects of Cell Transformation
abstract: While T 4 wild-type DNA is not cleaved by restriction
endonucleases, the DNA of a T4 mutant, in which 5'hydroxymethyl
cytosine is replaced by cytosine (T4 dC-DNA), is digested by these
enzymes. We have constructed physical maps of the celavage sites
generated by the restriction endonucleases Smal/Xmal, Kpnl, SaU,
BglII, Xhol and Xbal (1,2). These enzymes sub-divide T4 dC-DNA into 73
defined fragments. The alignment of the physical and the genetical
maps then was achieved with three sorts of experiments: a) the
identification of some EcoRl restriction fragments on the T 4 physical
map which are known to carry defined T 4 genes (3, 4) b) the
localization of the T 4 rII region with the aid of two deletion
mutants c) the hybridization of early and late mRNA to the T 4
restriction fragments, which allows the identification of those
restriction fragments carrying the early and the late regions.
lInstitut fiir Virologie, FB Humanmedizin, Justus Neoplastic
transformation of chicken embryo fibroblasts by Rous sarcoma virus is
accompanied by a number of structural alterations to the cell surface
and to the cytoskeleton. These changes are induced by a single viral
gene, termed src, which is known to code for a phosphoprotein,
pp60src. To study the dynamics of the morphological changes,
fibroblasts were infected with the temperature sensitive,
transformation defective mutant viruses, ts NY68 at the restrictive
temperature and transformation was then in- The viral structural
protein p15 carries a restrictive proteolytic activity which cannot be
dissociated from the viral protein during ion exchange chromatography
and size frac-

####################-8c78151fa23bf78cc20b2e2c5c0b47d79d12a1a6-####################
title: BMC Bioinformatics An effective docking strategy for virtual
screening based on multi-objective optimization algorithm
abstract: Background: Development of a fast and accurate scoring
function in virtual screening remains a hot issue in current computer-
aided drug research. Different scoring functions focus on diverse
aspects of ligand binding, and no single scoring can satisfy the
peculiarities of each target system. Therefore, the idea of a
consensus score strategy was put forward. Integrating several scoring
functions, consensus score re-assesses the docked conformations using
a primary scoring function. However, it is not really robust and
efficient from the perspective of optimization. Furthermore, to date,
the majority of available methods are still based on single objective
optimization design. Results: In this paper, two multi-objective
optimization methods, called MOSFOM, were developed for virtual
screening, which simultaneously consider both the energy score and the
contact score. Results suggest that MOSFOM can effectively enhance
enrichment and performance compared with a single score. For three
different kinds of binding sites, MOSFOM displays an excellent ability
to differentiate active compounds through energy and shape
complementarity. EFMOGA performed particularly well in the top 2% of
database for all three cases, whereas MOEA_Nrg and MOEA_Cnt performed
better than the corresponding individual scoring functions if the
appropriate type of binding site was selected. The multi-objective
optimization method was successfully applied in virtual screening with
two different scoring functions that can yield reasonable binding
poses and can furthermore, be ranked with the potentially compromised
conformations of each compound, abandoning those conformations that
can not satisfy overall objective functions.

####################-0e8773d0887abfa54cb1b618fcdf491e7a0a2c8a-####################
title: A Scorpion Defensin BmKDfsin4 Inhibits Hepatitis B Virus
Replication in Vitro
abstract: Hepatitis B virus (HBV) infection is a major worldwide
health problem which can cause acute and chronic hepatitis and can
significantly increase the risk of liver cirrhosis and primary
hepatocellular carcinoma (HCC). Nowadays, clinical therapies of HBV
infection still mainly rely on nucleotide analogs and interferons, the
usage of which is limited by drug-resistant mutation or side effects.
Defensins had been reported to effectively inhibit the proliferation
of bacteria, fungi, parasites and viruses. Here, we screened the anti-
HBV activity of 25 scorpion-derived peptides most recently
characterized by our group. Through evaluating anti-HBV activity and
cytotoxicity, we found that BmKDfsin4, a scorpion defensin with
antibacterial and Kv1.3-blocking activities, has a comparable high
inhibitory rate of both HBeAg and HBsAg in HepG2.2.15 culture medium
and low cytotoxicity to HepG2.2.15. Then, our experimental results
further showed that BmKDfsin4 can dose-dependently decrease the
production of HBV DNA and HBV viral proteins in both culture medium
and cell lysate. Interestingly, BmKDfsin4 exerted high serum
stability. Together, this study indicates that the scorpion defensin
BmKDfsin4 also has inhibitory activity against HBV replication along
with its antibacterial and potassium ion channel Kv1.3-blocking
activities, which shows that BmKDfsin4 is a uniquely multifunctional
defensin molecule. Our work also provides a good molecule material
which will be used to investigate the link or relationship of its
antiviral, antibacterial and ion channel-modulating activities in the
future.

####################-f3cbd842225279a42440e63e2bdc48d6c571efb6-####################
title: Paciente con fiebre y exantema
abstract: publicly funded repositories, such as the WHO COVID database
with rights for unrestricted research re-use and analyses in any form
or by any means with acknowledgement of the original source. These
permissions are granted for free by Elsevier for as long as the
COVID-19 resource centre remains active. Presentamos el caso de una
paciente de 23 años de edad, con fiebre, cefalea, inyección
conjuntival bilateral, hepatomegalia dolorosa y exantema macular
generalizado con elevación de enzimas hepáticas. Se realizó un estudio
serológico que confirmó la sospecha diagnóstica de infección aguda por
el virus del sarampión. Palabras clave: sarampión, exantema, manchas
de Koplik. We report the case of a 23-year old woman with fever,
headache, bilateral conjunctival injection, painful hepatomegaly and
generalized macular rash with elevated liver enzymes. Acute measles
infection was suspected based on the clinical findings and was
serologically confirmed.

####################-611b8f1600ce3f96cc9d68c1235fc634ab17d47e-####################
title: Socioeconomic, geographic and climatic risk factors for canine
parvovirus infection and euthanasia in Australia
abstract: Infection of canids with canine parvovirus (CPV) can result
in severe, often fatal disease. This study aimed to examine climatic,
socioeconomic and geographic risk factors for CPV infection and CPV-
associated euthanasia in Australia. Australian veterinary hospital
responses (534; 23.5 %) to a national veterinary survey of CPV case
occurrences and euthanasias in 2016 were used. Severe caseloads (> 40
cases per annum) were reported by 26 (11 %) hospitals (median 60
cases; IQR 50-110). Case reporting, case numbers, and without-
treatment euthanasia were significantly associated with disadvantage
across all Socio-Economic Index for Areas quintiles (p < 0.0001) -the
greater the disadvantage, the more reports. Strong negative
correlations were found between case numbers and the Index of Relative
Socioeconomic Disadvantage (r SP = -0.3357, p < 0.0001) and also
between euthanasia and the Index of Education and Occupation (r SP =
-0.3762, p < 0.0001). Hospitals in more remote areas were also more
likely to report cases and to euthanize without treatment (p <
0.0001). Of the climate variables, temperature of the hottest month
was most strongly positively correlated with case numbers (r SP =
0.421, p < 0.0001), and lower annual rainfall was associated with more
case-reporting hospitals (p < 0.0001). These results confirm that
socioeconomic disadvantage is a significant risk-factor for CPV
infection and outcome, and high temperature may also contribute to
risk.

####################-8597d9f2e677de02b0166ad69f8045b979b3a82a-####################
title: Role of Human Sec63 in Modulating the Steady-State Levels of
Multi-Spanning Membrane Proteins
abstract: The Sec61 translocon of the endoplasmic reticulum (ER)
membrane forms an aqueous pore, allowing polypeptides to be
transferred across or integrated into membranes. Protein translocation
into the ER can occur co-and posttranslationally. In yeast,
posttranslational translocation involves the heptameric translocase
complex including its Sec62p and Sec63p subunits. The mammalian ER
membrane contains orthologs of yeast Sec62p and Sec63p, but their
function is poorly understood. Here, we analyzed the effects of excess
and deficit Sec63 on various ER cargoes using human cell culture
systems. The overexpression of Sec63 reduces the steady-state levels
of viral and cellular multi-spanning membrane proteins in a
cotranslational mode, while soluble and single-spanning ER reporters
are not affected. Consistent with this, the knock-down of Sec63
increases the steady-state pools of polytopic ER proteins, suggesting
a substrate-specific and regulatory function of Sec63 in ER import.
Overexpressed Sec63 exerts its down-regulating activity on polytopic
protein levels independent of its Sec62-interacting motif, indicating
that it may not act in conjunction with Sec62 in human cells. The
specific action of Sec63 is further sustained by our observations that
the up-regulation of either Sec62 or two other ER proteins with
lumenal J domains, like ERdj1 and ERdj4, does not compromise the
steady-state level of a multi-spanning membrane reporter. A J domain-
specific mutation of Sec63, proposed to weaken its interaction with
the ER resident BiP chaperone, reduces the down-regulating capacity of
excess Sec63, suggesting an involvement of BiP in this process.
Together, these results suggest that Sec63 may perform a substrate-
selective quantity control function during cotranslational ER import.

####################-3088a520b3c2da5f24ef6971eb86dc5f9bf0e027-####################
title: Monitoring of viable airborne SARS virus in ambient air
abstract: Due to recent SARS related issues (Science 300 (5624) 1394;
Nature 423 (2003) 240; Science 300 (5627) 1966), the development of
reliable airborne virus monitoring procedures has become galvanized by
an exceptional sense of urgency and is presently in a high was
previously applied to the removal of particles from gas carriers, a
new personal bioaerosol sampler has been developed. Contaminated air
is bubbled through porous medium submerged into liquid and
subsequently split into multitude of very small bubbles. The
particulates are scavenged by these bubbles, and, thus, effectively
removed. The current study explores its feasibility for monitoring of
viable airborne SARS virus. It was found that the natural decay of
such virus in the collection fluid was around 0.75 and 1.76 lg during
2 and 4 h of continuous operation, respectively. Theoretical microbial
recovery rates of higher than 55 and 19% were calculated for 1 and 2 h
of operation, respectively. Thus, the new sampling method of direct
non-violent collection of viable airborne SARS virus into the
appropriate liquid environment was found suitable for monitoring of
such stress sensitive virus. r

####################-529146eb766f6e648d078ac5c0ba717b3bec6ccc-####################
title: Exploring the potential of endophytes from medicinal plants as
sources of antimycobacterial compounds
abstract: Natural product drug discovery has regained interest due to
low production costs, structural diversity, and multiple uses of
active compounds to treat various diseases. Attention has been
directed towards medicinal plants as these plants have been
traditionally used for generations to treat symptoms of numerous
diseases. It is established that plants harbour microorganisms,
collectively known as endophytes. Exploring the as-yet untapped
natural products from the endophytes increases the chances of finding
novel compounds. The concept of natural products targeting microbial
pathogens has been applied to isolate novel antimycobacterial
compounds, and the rapid development of drug-resistant Mycobacterium
tuberculosis has significantly increased the need for new treatments
against this pathogen. It remains important to continuously screen for
novel compounds from natural sources, particularly from rarely
encountered microorganisms, such as the endophytes. This review
focuses on bioprospecting for polyketides and small peptides
exhibiting antituberculosis activity, although current treatments
against tuberculosis are described. It is established that natural
products from these structure classes are often biosynthesised by
microorganisms. Therefore it is hypothesised that some bioactive
polyketides and peptides originally isolated from plants are in fact
produced by their endophytes. This is of interest for further
endophyte natural product investigations.

####################-a64149dbac768a5fac5c4ca620c09c2dea2e2bf0-####################
title: Travel and migration associated infectious diseases morbidity
in Europe, 2008
abstract: Background: Europeans represent the majority of
international travellers and clinicians encountering returned patients
have an essential role in recognizing, and communicating travel-
associated public health risks. To investigate the morbidity of travel
associated infectious diseases in European travellers, we analysed
diagnoses with demographic, clinical and travel-related predictors of
disease, in 6957 ill returned travellers who presented in 2008 to
EuroTravNet centres with a presumed travel associated condition.
Results: Gastro-intestinal (GI) diseases accounted for 33% of
illnesses, followed by febrile systemic illnesses (20%),
dermatological conditions (12%) and respiratory illnesses (8%). There
were 3 deaths recorded; a sepsis caused by Escherichia coli
pyelonephritis, a dengue shock syndrome and a Plasmodium falciparum
malaria. GI conditions included bacterial acute diarrhea (6.9%), as
well as giardiasis and amebasis (2.3%). Among febrile systemic
illnesses with identified pathogens, malaria (5.4%) accounted for most
cases followed by dengue (1.9%) and others including chikungunya,
rickettsial diseases, leptospirosis, brucellosis, Epstein Barr virus
infections, tick-borne encephalitis (TBE) and viral hepatitis.
Dermatological conditions were dominated by bacterial infections,
arthropod bites, cutaneous larva migrans and animal bites requiring
rabies post-exposure prophylaxis and also leishmaniasis, myasis,
tungiasis and one case of leprosy. Respiratory illness included 112
cases of tuberculosis including cases of multi-drug resistant or
extensively drug resistant tuberculosis, 104 cases of influenza like
illness, and 5 cases of Legionnaires disease. Sexually transmitted
infections (STI) accounted for 0.6% of total diagnoses and included
HIV infection and syphilis. A total of 165 cases of potentially
vaccine preventable diseases were reported. Purpose of travel and
destination specific risk factors was identified for several diagnoses
such as Chagas disease in immigrant travellers from South America and
P. falciparum malaria in immigrants from sub-Saharan Africa. Travel
within Europe was also associated with health risks with distinctive
profiles for Eastern and Western Europe. Conclusions: In 2008, a broad
spectrum of travel associated diseases were diagnosed at EuroTravNet
core sites. Diagnoses varied according to regions visited by ill
travellers. The spectrum of travel associated morbidity also shows
that there is a need to dispel the misconception that travel, close to
home, in Europe, is without significant health risk.

####################-1b47f193817f6eb98d988d32889f70346efa52c0-####################
title: Biosecurity for neonatal gastrointestinal diseases
abstract: Calves are born and raised in a wide diversity of
environments and housing conditions, all of which affect the risk of
neonatal enteric infectious disease. At one extreme are calves born in
closed-beef cow-calf operations under low-density conditions on open
range, such as in the low-rainfall areas of the Intermountain United
States. This environment closely resembles the conditions in which the
infectious agents and their hosts co-evolved before domestication. In
this setting, the risk of introducing new strains of infectious agents
is low, direct contact among calves is minimized, the opportunity for
transmission by people and equipment is minimal, and fecal material is
dispersed and exposed to environmental factors (i.e., insects,
desiccation, and ultraviolet radiation) that inactivate most
microorganisms. At the other exposure extreme, calves are raised in
enclosed housing on continuous-flow, custom calf-raising operations.
In this environment, calves are assembled from multiple herds and from
sales channels in which the risk of heavy exposure to a variety of
infectious agents is high. Calves are often in direct contact with one
another, the physical space per calf is limited, and the risk of
transmission by people and equipment is high. If housed, ventilation
is often inadequate, resulting in a high relative humidity; fecal
material is concentrated, with a high moisture content and without
full exposure to direct sunlight. Vermin such as flies and rodents are
often present in high numbers, and nutrition is provided by assembled
feedstuffs of varying quality and nutritional value rather than from
dam's milk. Between these two extremes are calves raised in individual
hutches on dairies of their origin or beef calves raised in
intensively managed rotational grazing systems in high-rainfall areas.

####################-f74521c975e91081e8d2eaebf744508af1026eff-####################
title: ARTICLE IN PRESS +Model
abstract:

####################-90672df8690ad900302e0e94fbe073b7cb762458-####################
title: Infectious Bronchitis Virus Infection Induces Apoptosis during
Replication in Chicken Macrophage HD11 Cells
abstract: Avian infectious bronchitis has caused huge economic losses
in the poultry industry. Previous studies have reported that
infectious bronchitis virus (IBV) infection can produce cytopathic
effects (CPE) and apoptosis in some mammalian cells and primary cells.
However, there is little research on IBV-induced immune cell
apoptosis. In this study, chicken macrophage HD11 cells were
established as a cellular model that is permissive to IBV infection.
Then, IBV-induced apoptosis was observed through a cell viability
assay, morphological changes, and flow cytometry. The activity of
caspases, the inhibitory efficacy of caspase-inhibitors and the
expression of apoptotic genes further suggested the activation of
apoptosis through both intrinsic and extrinsic pathways in IBV-
infected HD11 cells. Additionally, ammonium chloride (NH 4 Cl)
pretreated HD11 cells blocked IBV from entering cells and inhibited
IBV-induced apoptosis. UV-inactivated IBV also lost the ability of
apoptosis induction. IBV replication was increased by blocking caspase
activation. This study presents a chicken macrophage cell line that
will enable further analysis of IBV infection and offers novel
insights into the mechanisms of IBV-induced apoptosis in immune cells.

####################-e65b2496fc9e98e4127133eefa1cff31f9987704-####################
title: Hematopoietic Tumors SECTION A: CANINE LYMPHOMA AND LYMPHOCYTIC
LEUKEMIAS
abstract:

####################-31a96328b07bd673d42058a8871b15a287cd937c-####################
title: Detection of porcine rotavirus in stools by a latex
agglutination test
abstract: Sanekata, T., Kishimoto, E., Sato, K., Honma, H., Otsuki, K.
and Tsubokura, M., 1991. Detection of poricine rotavirus in stools by
a latex agglutination test. Vet. Microbiol., 27:245-251. We developed
a simple agglutination test for the detection of porcine rotavirus in
stools from pigs with diarrhea. The virus was detected with high
sensitivity and specificity by a slide agglutination test using latex
particles coated with antibody against the porcine rotavirus strain
OSU (LA-antiOSU). The agglutination of LA-antiOSU with OSU on a glass
slide was evident macroscopically within 2 rain. The sensitivity of
this latex agglutination (LA) test was four times higher than that of
the electron microscope method. The LA test is available for the rapid
diagnosis of porcine rotavirus infections.

####################-1bd1a8e28d6831ce5533a889dd3a7c40da793224-####################
title:
abstract:

####################-ad07c8dce9b075f6dce7c90bf51d45117c3581d4-####################
title: Epidemiology of Viral Pneumonia
abstract:

####################-1bf853d3436f05746060ca8cc0ff18788784747a-####################
title: MBL-associated serine proteases (MASPs) and infectious diseases
abstract: MASP-1 MASP-2 MASP-3 MAp44 MAp19 Complement system a b s t r
a c t The lectin pathway of the complement system has a pivotal role
in the defense against infectious organisms. After binding of mannan-
binding lectin (MBL), ficolins or collectin 11 to carbohydrates or
acetylated residues on pathogen surfaces, dimers of MBL-associated
serine proteases 1 and 2 (MASP-1 and MASP-2) activate a proteolytic
cascade, which culminates in the formation of the membrane attack
complex and pathogen lysis. Alternative splicing of the pre-mRNA
encoding MASP-1 results in two other products, MASP-3 and MAp44, which
regulate activation of the cascade. A similar mechanism allows the
gene encoding MASP-2 to produce the truncated MAp19 protein.
Polymorphisms in MASP1 and MASP2 genes are associated with protein
serum levels and functional activity. Since the first report of a MASP
deficiency in 2003, deficiencies in lectin pathway proteins have been
associated with recurrent infections and several polymorphisms were
associated with the susceptibility or protection to infectious
diseases. In this review, we summarize the findings on the role of
MASP polymorphisms and serum levels in bacterial, viral and protozoan
infectious diseases.

####################-0aa3eda0fb09bf9f55864fc2b9157b9317f62323-####################
title: Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, Division of Global
Migration and Quarantine San Diego, California, USA Epidemiological
surveillance of land borders in North and South America: a case study
abstract: This study aims to analyze the different
binational/multinational activities, programs, and structures taking
place on the borders of Brazil and the U.S. between 2013 and 2015. A
descriptive exploratory study of two border epidemiological
surveillance (BES) systems has been performed. Two approaches were
used to collect data: i) technical visits to the facilities involved
with border surveillance and application of a questionnaire survey;
ii) application of an online questionnaire survey. It was identified
that, for both surveillance systems, more than 55% of the technicians
had realized that the BES and its activities have high priority.
Eighty percent of North American and 71% of Brazilian border
jurisdictions reported an exchange of information between countries.
Less than half of the jurisdictions reported that the necessary tools
to carry out information exchange were available. Operational
attributes of completeness, feedback, reciprocity, and quality of
information were identified as weak or of low quality in both systems.
Statements, guidelines, and protocols to develop surveillance
activities are available at the U.S.-Mexico border area. The
continuous systematic development of surveillance systems at these
borders will create more effective actions and responses.

####################-1de0f645bef4bb4fa6244abca0b1e0396fdea449-####################
title: VIEWPOINTS PAPERS journal of health global Correspondence to
abstract: Etiology of community acquired pneumonia among children in
India: prospective, cohort study Background Childhood community
acquired pneumonia (CAP) is a significant problem in developing
countries, and confirmation of microbial etiology is important for
individual, as well as public health. However, there is paucity of
data from a large cohort, examining multiple biological specimens for
diverse pathogens (bacteria and viruses). The Community Acquired
Pneumonia Etiology Study (CAPES) was designed to address this
knowledge gap. We enrolled children with CAP (based on WHO IMCI
criteria of tachypnea with cough or breathing difficulty) over 24
consecutive months, and recorded presenting symptoms, risk factors,
clinical signs, and chest radiography. We performed blood and
nasopharyngeal aspirate (NPA) bacterial cultures, and serology
(Mycoplasma pneumoniae, Chlamydophila pneumoniae). We also performed
multiplex PCR for 25 bacterial/viral species in a subgroup
representing 20% of the cohort. Children requiring endotracheal
intubation underwent culture and PCR of bronchoalveolar lavage (BAL)
specimens. We enrolled 2345 children. NPA and blood cultures yielded
bacteria in only 322 (13.7%) and 49 (2.1%) children, respectively. In
NPA, Streptococcus pneumoniae (79.1%) predominated, followed by
Haemophilus influenzae (9.6%) and Staphylococcus aureus (6.8%). In
blood, S. aureus (30.6%) dominated, followed by S. pneumoniae (20.4%)
and Klebsiella pneumoniae (12.2%). M. pneumoniae and C. pneumoniae
serology were positive in 4.3% and 1.1% respectively. Multiplex PCR in
428 NPA specimens identified organisms in 422 (98.6%); of these 352
(82.2%) had multiple organisms and only 70 (16.4%) had a single
organism viz. S. pneumoniae: 35 (50%), Cytomegalovirus (CMV): 13 (18.

####################-311aaa859b69a54fba2d8a532fcf632599002edb-####################
title: Gut Virome Analysis of Cameroonians Reveals High Diversity of
Enteric Viruses, Including Potential Interspecies Transmitted Viruses
abstract: Diarrhea remains one of the most common causes of deaths in
children. A limited number of studies have investigated the prevalence
of enteric pathogens in Cameroon, and as in many other African
countries, the cause of many diarrheal episodes remains unexplained. A
proportion of these unknown cases of diarrhea are likely caused by
yet-unidentified viral agents, some of which could be the result of
(recent) interspecies transmission from animal reservoirs, like bats.
Using viral metagenomics, we screened fecal samples of 221 humans
(almost all with gastroenteritis symptoms) between 0 and 89 years of
age with different degrees of bat contact. We identified viruses
belonging to families that are known to cause gastroenteritis such as
Adenoviridae, Astroviridae, Caliciviridae, Picornaviridae, and
Reoviridae. Interestingly, a mammalian orthoreovirus,
picobirnaviruses, a smacovirus, and a pecovirus were also found.
Although there was no evidence of interspecies transmission of the
most common human gastroenteritis-related viruses (Astroviridae,
Caliciviridae, and Reoviridae), the phylogenies of the identified
orthoreovirus, picobirnavirus, and smacovirus indicate a genetic
relatedness of these viruses identified in stools of humans and those
of bats and/or other animals. These findings points out the
possibility of interspecies transmission or simply a shared host of
these viruses (bacterial, fungal, parasitic, . . .) present in both
animals (bats) and humans. Further screening of bat viruses in humans
or vice versa will elucidate the epidemiological potential threats of
animal viruses to human health. Furthermore, this study showed a huge
diversity of highly divergent novel phages, thereby expanding the
existing phageome considerably.

####################-2fa26bc7f01717e767c0c6d4c3b5aeee27589ea0-####################
title: Nucleic Acid Immunity
abstract: Organisms throughout biology need to maintain the integrity
of their genome. From bacteria to vertebrates, life has established
sophisticated mechanisms to detect and eliminate foreign genetic
material or to restrict its function and replication. Tremendous
progress has been made in the understanding of these mechanisms which
keep foreign

####################-51d3450393a2a698cfe8ae3e94cb9d8f556e43ff-####################
title: Rapid interferon independent expression of IFITM3 following T
cell activation protects cells from influenza virus infection
abstract: Interferon-induced transmembrane protein 3 (IFITM3) is a
potent antiviral protein that enhances cellular resistance to a
variety of pathogens, including influenza virus. Classically defined
as an interferon-stimulated gene, expression of IFITM3 on cells is
rapidly up-regulated in response to type I and II interferon. Here we
found that IFITM3 is rapidly up-regulated by T cells following their
activation and this occurred independently of type I and II interferon
and the interferon regulatory factors 3 and 7. Up-regulation of IFITM3
on effector T cells protected these cells from virus infection and
imparted a survival advantage at sites of virus infection. Our results
show that IFITM3 expression on effector T cells is crucial for these
cells to mediate their effector function and highlights an interferon
independent pathway for the induction of IFITM3 which, if targeted,
could be an effective approach to harness the activity of IFITM3 for
infection prevention.

####################-7d0105bbf25e7291a9921398c88ab14b45099d1b-####################
title:
abstract:

####################-73c9756a6e8fd85be7fb84500b11a9a24f9877d2-####################
title: Centers for Disease Control
abstract:

####################-bd424f5ca8ae86eef77b7d2a5f3f63e1f0fb4c2f-####################
title: Human B cell memory This review comes from a themed issue on
Lymphocyte activation and effector functions Edited by Michael
McHeyzer-Williams and Michel Nussenzweig
abstract: Following an immune response two types of differentiated B
cells persist in the memory pool: plasma cells, which confer immediate
protection by the secretion of specific antibodies; and memory B
cells, which confer rapid and enhanced response to secondary
challenge. We will review recent advances in understanding the
heterogeneity, dynamics, and persistence of human memory B cells and
plasma cells as well as new methods to isolate human monoclonal
antibodies. These findings offer new insights into the human B cell
response, which are relevant for vaccination and therapeutic
intervention.

####################-a3f9d6933e737f7f0a7bd27a54a9bb4882eca041-####################
title: Clinical and Epidemiologic Characteristics of Hospitalized
Patients with Laboratory- Confirmed Respiratory Syncytial Virus
Infection in Eastern China between 2009 and 2013: A Retrospective
Study a11111 OPEN ACCESS
abstract: Respiratory syncytial virus (RSV) is a leading cause of
morbidity and mortality worldwide in children aged <5 years and older
adults with acute lower respiratory infections (ALRIs). However, few
studies regarding the epidemiology of hospitalizations for RSV
infection have been performed previously in China. Here, we aimed to
describe the clinical and epidemiologic characteristics of
hospitalized patients with laboratory-confirmed RSV infection in
eastern China. Active surveillance for hospitalized ALRI patients
using a broad case definition based on symptoms was performed from
2009-2013 in 12 sentinel hospitals in eastern China. Clinical and
epidemiologic data pertaining to hospitalized patients of all ages
with laboratory-confirmed RSV infection by PCR assay were collected
and analyzed in this study. From 2009 to 2013, 1046 hospitalized
patients with laboratory-confirmed RSV infection were enrolled in this
study, and 14.7% of patients had subtype A, 24.2% of patients had
subtype B, 23.8% of patients with subtype not performed, and 37.3% of
patients had RSV coinfections with other viruses. RSV and influenza
coinfections (33.3%) were the most common coinfections noted in this
study. Moreover, young children aged <5 years (89.1%, 932/1046),
particularly young infants aged <1 year (43.3%, 453/1046), represented
the highest proportion of patients with RSV infections. In contrast,
older adults aged !60 years (1.1%, 12/1046) represented the lowest
proportion of patients with RSV infections among enrolled patients.
The peak RSV infection period occurred mainly during autumn and
winter, and 57% and 66% of patients exhibited symptoms such as fever
(body temperature !38˚C) and cough separately. Additionally, only a
small number of patients were treated with broad-spectrum antiviral
drugs, and most of patients were treated with antimicrobial PLOS ONE |
drugs that were not appropriate for RSV infection. RSV is a leading
viral pathogen and a common cause of viral infection in young children
aged <5 years with ALRIs in eastern China. Effective vaccines and
antiviral agents targeting RSV are needed to mitigate its large public
health impact. Clinical and Epidemiologic Characteristics of RSV
Infections PLOS ONE |

####################-d2bde64d871631f4f02355597b9e67e321da547f-####################
title: Molecular analysis of the S1 subunit of the spike glycoprotein
of respiratory and enteric bovine coronavirus isolates
abstract: It is unclear whether respiratory and enteric bovine
coronavirus (BoCV) strains are distinctive in biological, antigenic
and genetic characteristics. In the present study, we analyzed the
nucleotide and amino acid sequence of the S1 subunit of the S
glycoprotein, including the cleavage site, of both respiratory (n = 5)
and enteric (n= 3) BoCV isolates including two paired isolates from
the same feedlot animals and compared them with the prototype Mebus
and two enteric and one respiratory BoCV strains from Quebec. A total
of 75 polymorphic nucleotides were identified in the S1 subunit of the
spike glycoprotein of BoCV isolates compared with the Mebus strain.
These polymorphisms led to 42 amino acid changes at 38 distinct sites.
The amino acid changes were distributed throughout the S1 subunit with
clustering around residues 40-118, 146-179, and 458-531. Among these
variations, only 19 amino acid substitutions altered the charge,
hydrophobicity and surface probability of the protein. Based on
phylogenetic analysis, our respiratory and enteric isolates clustered
into two major groups with two subgroups. Although, there were only a
few amino acid changes between the respiratory and enteric paired
isolates, the other two respiratory isolates, one isolated from the
same farm as a paired strain and the other from a different farm,
showed more sequence diversity. Amino acid alterations in residues
113, 115, 118, 146, 148, 501, 510 and 531 of respiratory isolates
conferred significant changes in the predicted secondary structure
compared with the prototype winter dysentery (WD) and the calf
diarrhea (CD) strains of BoCV. In conclusion, the data suggests that
respiratory strains of BoCV may differ genetically from the classical
calf enteric and adult WD strains.

####################-b1f90c0a862d8dc3485d61deb8c87c0b53b798b8-####################
title: Hantaan Virus Infection Induces CXCL10 Expression through TLR3,
RIG-I, and MDA-5 Pathways Correlated with the Disease Severity
abstract: Hantaan virus (HTNV) is a major agent causing hemorrhagic
fever with renal syndrome (HFRS). Although the pathogenesis of HFRS is
unclear, some reports have suggested that the abundant production of
proinflammatory cytokines and uncontrolled inflammatory responses may
contribute to the development of HFRS. CXCL10 is one of these
cytokines and is found to be involved in the pathogenesis of many
virus infectious diseases. However, the role of CXCL10 in the
pathogenesis of HFRS and the molecular regulation mechanism of CXCL10
in HTNV infection remain unknown. In this study, we report that CXCL10
expresses highly in the HFRS patients' sera and the elevated CXCL10 is
positively correlated with the severity of HFRS. We find that HTNV, a
single-strand RNA virus, can act as a double-strand RNA to activate
the TLR3, RIG-I, and MDA-5 signaling pathways. Through the downstream
transcription factors of these pathways, NF-B and IRF7, which bind
directly to the CXCL10's promoter, the expression of CXCL10 is
increased. Our results may help to better understand the role of
CXCL10 in the development of HFRS and may provide some novel insights
into the immune response of HTNV infection.

####################-8d837ad6865678650be8edee7e35c4b8a4960076-####################
title: Validation of a sensitive PCR assay for the detection of
Chelonid fibropapilloma-associated herpesvirus in latent turtle
infections
abstract: The Chelonid fibropapilloma-associated herpesvirus (CFPHV)
is hypothesized to be the causative agent of fibropapillomatosis, a
neoplastic disease in sea turtles, given its consistent detection by
PCR in fibropapilloma tumours. CFPHV has also been detected recently
by PCR in tissue samples from clinically healthy (non exhibiting
fibropapilloma tumours) turtles, thus representing presumably latent
infections of the pathogen. Given that template copy numbers of
viruses in latent infections can be very low, extremely sensitive PCR
assays are needed to optimize detection efficiency. In this study,
efficiency of several PCR assays designed for CFPHV detection is
explored and compared to a method published previously. The results
show that adoption of a triplet set of singleplex PCR assays
outperforms other methods, with an approximately 3-fold increase in
detection success in comparison to the standard assay. Thus, a new
assay for the detection of CFPHV DNA markers is presented, and
adoption of its methodology is recommended in future CFPHV screens
among sea turtles.

####################-deaac80fa1b6ee6b493932b297496c8751c9ef1b-####################
title: A novel European H5N8 influenza A virus has increased virulence
in ducks but low zoonotic potential
abstract: We investigated in a unique setup of animal models and a
human lung explant culture biological properties, including zoonotic
potential, of a representative 2016 highly pathogenic avian influenza
virus (HPAIV) H5N8, clade 2.3.4.4 group B (H5N8B), that spread rapidly
in a huge and ongoing outbreak series in Europe and caused high
mortality in waterfowl and domestic birds. HPAIV H5N8B showed
increased virulence with rapid onset of severe disease and mortality
in Pekin ducks due to pronounced neuro-and hepatotropism. Cross-
species infection was evaluated in mice, ferrets, and in a human lung
explant culture model. While the H5N8B isolate was highly virulent for
Balb/c mice, virulence and transmissibility were grossly reduced in
ferrets, which was mirrored by marginal replication in human lung
cultures infected ex vivo. Our data indicate that the 2016 HPAIV H5N8B
is avian-adapted with augmented virulence for waterfowl, but has low
zoonotic potential. The here tested combination of animal studies with
the inoculation of human explants provides a promising future workflow
to evaluate zoonotic potential, mammalian replication competence and
avian virulence of HPAIV.

####################-358ab81c15c1c24b69c02cfa8cf52069a7e2932b-####################
title: Mining social media and web searches for disease detection
abstract: Web-based social media is increasingly being used across
different settings in the health care industry. The increased
frequency in the use of the Internet via computer or mobile devices
provides an opportunity for social media to be the medium through
which people can be provided with valuable health information quickly
and directly. While traditional methods of detection relied
predominately on hierarchical or bureaucratic lines of communication,
these often failed to yield timely and accurate epidemiological
intelligence. New web-based platforms promise increased opportunities
for a more timely and accurate spreading of information and analysis.
This article aims to provide an overview and discussion of the
availability of timely and accurate information. It is especially
useful for the rapid identification of an outbreak of an infectious
disease that is necessary to promptly and effectively develop public
health responses. These web-based platforms include search queries,
data mining of web and social media, process and analysis of blogs
containing epidemic key words, text mining, and geographical
information system data analyses. These new sources of analysis and
information are intended to complement traditional sources of epidemic
intelligence. Despite the attractiveness of these new approaches,
further study is needed to determine the accuracy of blogger
statements, as increases in public participation may not necessarily
mean the information provided is more accurate. The shift in human
interaction and media consumption to online communication has changed
the way people seek information. The increased frequency in the use of
the Internet via computer or mobile devices provides an opportunity
for social media to be the means of providing people with valuable
health information directly and quickly. The development of web-based
social media analytics has given public health officers and physicians
an earlier insight into the emergence and spread of infectious
diseases. Availability of timely and accurate information is
especially useful for the rapid identification of an outbreak of an
infectious disease necessary to promptly and effectively develop
public health responses.

####################-8d015842e8e8aa7d44f8a7e6adc053e021eac6ac-####################
title: Acute Exacerbations of COPD
abstract:

####################-a257c576fef2e2aee2702b5179d2d09473f16543-####################
title: Pulmonary infections in the returned traveller
abstract: Pulmonary infections in the returned traveller are a common
presentation. A wide variety of infections may present with pulmonary
symptoms. It is important for clinicians to differentiate the cause of
these symptoms. The risk of contracting certain travel-related
pulmonary diseases depends on travel destination, length of stay,
activities undertaken and co-morbidities. Some pathogens are found
worldwide, whilst others are related to specific locations. This
review article will discuss the approach to diagnosing and treating
pulmonary infections in the returned traveller.

####################-96621e69fe485c5aafe607c6bf5127196df2f348-####################
title:
abstract:

####################-a0d46c310512552aeb8e88f5a5d0c11f42fffcc8-####################
title: A live, impaired-fidelity coronavirus vaccine protects in an
aged, immunocompromised mouse model of lethal disease HHS Public
Access Author manuscript
abstract: Live-attenuated RNA virus vaccines are efficacious but
subject to reversion to virulence. Among RNA viruses, replication
fidelity is recognized as a key determinant of virulence and escape
from antiviral therapy; increased fidelity is attenuating for some
viruses. Coronavirus replication fidelity is approximately 20-fold
greater than that of other RNA viruses and is mediated by a 3′-5′
exonuclease activity (ExoN) that likely functions in RNA proofreading.
In this study, we demonstrate that engineered inactivation of SARS-CoV
ExoN activity results in a stable mutator phenotype with profoundly
decreased fidelity in vivo and attenuation of pathogenesis in young,
aged, and immunocompromised mouse models of human SARS. The ExoN
inactivation genotype and mutator phenotype are stable and do not
revert to virulence, even after serial passage or longterm persistent
infection in vivo. Our approach represents a strategy with potential
for broad applications for the stable attenuation of coronaviruses and
possibly other RNA viruses. Of the approximately 335 emerging
infectious diseases that were identified from 1940-2004, 60.3%
originated in wildlife 1 . From past pandemics, it is clear that
highly pathogenic zoonoses are significant threats to global human
health, economic stability, and national security 1-4 . Severe acute
respiratory syndrome coronavirus (SARS-CoV) and swine influenza virus
CA/04/09 H1N1 have caused substantial human morbidity and mortality in
Users may view, print, copy, download and text and data-mine the
content in such documents, for the purposes of academic research,
subject always to the full Conditions of use:

####################-94eaa87b7a3c40ddc83c57ed5265438d94ab9c6d-####################
title: Diagnostic utility of a direct immunofluorescence test to
detect feline coronavirus antigen in macrophages in effusive feline
infectious peritonitis
abstract: The antemortem diagnosis of feline infectious peritonitis
(FIP) remains challenging in clinical practice, since current testing
methods have suboptimal diagnostic accuracy. Immunohistochemical
testing of biopsy specimens and postmortem examination are the
standard diagnostic methods, although direct immunofluorescence (DIF)
testing to detect feline coronavirus in macrophages in effusion
specimens has been reported to have 100% specificity and has been
recommended as an antemortem confirmatory test. The aim of this study
was to compare the results of DIF testing in antemortem feline
effusions with postmortem results using field samples. Effusion
specimens were collected antemortem from 17 cats and tested by DIF,
followed by postmortem examination. Histopathological examination of
specimens collected at postmortem confirmed FIP in 10/17 cases and
ruled out FIP out in 7/17 cases. Antemortem DIF testing was positive
in all 10 cases confirmed as FIP at postmortem examination. In the
seven cats where FIP was ruled out at postmortem examination, DIF was
negative in five cases and positive in the remaining two cases. The
calculated sensitivity of DIF testing was 100% and the specificity was
71.4%. Duplicate effusion specimens from eight cats that were
initially DIF positive were stored refrigerated (4°C) or at room
temperature (22-25°C) and subjected to serial DIF testing to determine
the duration of positive results. DIF-positive specimens stored at
both temperatures retained their positive status for at least 2 days.

####################-222d46ec418f2fc9a78e23559107dcf837012090-####################
title: The influence of firm age on the relationships of airline
performance, economic situation and internal operation
abstract: The ways in which airline performance depends on the
economic situation and internal operation are well established in the
literature. One of the contextual factors that may change the nature
of these relationships is firm age. As such, the aim of this study is
to investigate the moderating influence of firm age on airline
performance outcomes. Thirty airline companies from the Asia Pacific
region were selected, and relevant data from 2006 to 2011 were
collected. It can be deduced that company experience or firm age can
help in taking control of the relationship between the constructs;
thus, this measurement acts as a moderator in the research model.

####################-52dfa9fbd6dcf7c51fac5cb85a88fb154506a722-####################
title: RNA based mNGS approach identifies a novel human coronavirus
from two individual pneumonia cases in 2019 Wuhan outbreak
abstract: From December 2019, an outbreak of unusual pneumonia was
reported in Wuhan with many cases linked to Huanan Seafood Market that
sells seafood as well as live exotic animals. We investigated two
patients who developed acute respiratory syndromes after independent
contact history with this market. The two patients shared common
clinical features including fever, cough, and multiple ground-glass
opacities in the bilateral lung field with patchy infiltration. Here,
we highlight the use of a low-input metagenomic next-generation
sequencing (mNGS) approach on RNA extracted from bronchoalveolar
lavage fluid (BALF). It rapidly identified a novel coronavirus (named
2019-nCoV according to World Health Organization announcement) which
was the sole pathogens in the sample with very high abundance level
(1.5% and 0.62% of total RNA sequenced). The entire viral genome is
29,881 nt in length (GenBank MN988668 and MN988669, Sequence Read
Archive database Bioproject accession PRJNA601736) and is classified
into β-coronavirus genus. Phylogenetic analysis indicates that
2019-nCoV is close to coronaviruses (CoVs) circulating in Rhinolophus
(Horseshoe bats), such as 98.7% nucleotide identity to partial RdRp
gene of bat coronavirus strain BtCoV/ 4991 (GenBank KP876546, 370 nt
sequence of RdRp and lack of other genome sequence) and 87.9%
nucleotide identity to bat coronavirus strain bat-SL-CoVZC45 and bat-
SL-CoVZXC21. Evolutionary analysis based on ORF1a/1b, S, and N genes
also suggests 2019-nCoV is more likely a novel CoV independently
introduced from animals to humans.

####################-e914b0f252624e973ffbd1bd181f5c4e88e2e2a9-####################
title:
abstract:

####################-230b07719bf94b403d32eb58d41f6d4782e069a5-####################
title: Genetics, Pathogenesis and Picornaviruses Evolution of
abstract:

####################-ac6662831516cdd1a7049209a3fea86bf44b3ef1-####################
title: Impact of genomics on animal agriculture and opportunities for
animal health
abstract: Livestock production is an important source of animal
protein worldwide. In the developed world meat consumption will remain
steady but demand is forecast to grow enormously in developing
countries. The use of genomics will speed genetic improvement and
increase levels of production quickly in the developed world but might
face problems in the developing world, including scientific, economic
and political challenges. Considerable increases in public and private
research funding will be required to develop and utilize novel tools
and collections of detailed trait information on appropriate animals.
The development of policies protecting the environment and managing
all genetic resources will also be needed. Advances in livestock
genomics have major implications for increasing food output as well as
improving human health.

####################-9b4970858a35a4a456f2a0764c7e8fbd87e6c8ef-####################
title: Molecular and antigenic characteristics of Massachusetts
genotype infectious bronchitis coronavirus in China
abstract: In this study, 418 IBVs were isolated in samples from 1717
chicken flocks. Twenty-nine of the isolates were classified as the
Massachusetts genotype. These 29 isolates, as well as two previously
isolated Massachusetts genotype IBV strains, were studied further. Of
the 31 strains, 24 were H120-like and two were M41-like isolates as
determined by complete genomic sequence analysis, indicating that most
of the IBV isolates were likely the reisolated vaccine virus. The
remaining five IBV isolates, ck/CH/LHB/111172, ck/CH/LSD/111219,
ck/CH/LHB/130598, ck/CH/LDL/110931, and ck/CH/LHB/130573, were shown
to have originated from natural recombination events between an
H120-like vaccine strain and other types of viruses. The virus cross-
neutralization test found that the antigenicity of ck/CH/LHB/111172,
ck/CH/LSD/ 111219, and ck/CH/LHB/130598 was similar to that of H120.
Vaccination with the H120 vaccine offered complete protection against
challenge with these isolates. However, isolates ck/CH/LDL/110931 and
ck/ CH/LHB/130573 were serotypically different from their parental
viruses and from other serotypes in this study. Furthermore,
vaccination with the H120 vaccine did not provide protection against
challenge with these two isolates. The results of this study
demonstrated that recombination is the mechanism that is responsible
for the emergence of new serotype strains, and it has the ability to
alter virus serotypes. Therefore, IBV surveillance of chicken flocks
vaccinated with IBV live vaccines, as well as the consideration of new
strategies to effectively control IBV infection using inactivated
or/and genetically engineered vaccines, is of great importance.

####################-133024fd511290554bcd6866e7401cb073d05cfe-####################
title: T Lymphocytes as Measurable Targets of Protection and
Vaccination Against Viral Disorders
abstract: Continuous epidemiological surveillance of existing and
emerging viruses and their associated disorders is gaining importance
in light of their abilities to cause unpredictable outbreaks as a
result of increased travel and vaccination choices by steadily growing
and aging populations. Close surveillance of outbreaks and herd
immunity are also at the forefront, even in industrialized countries,
where previously eradicated viruses are now at risk of re-emergence
due to instances of strain recombination, contractions in viral vector
geographies, and from their potential use as agents of bioterrorism.
There is a great need for the rational design of current and future
vaccines targeting viruses, with a strong focus on vaccine targeting
of adaptive immune effector memory T cells as the gold standard of
immunity conferring long-lived protection against a wide variety of
pathogens and malignancies. Here, we review viruses that have
historically caused large outbreaks and severe lethal disorders,
including respiratory, gastric, skin, hepatic, neurologic, and
hemorrhagic fevers. To observe trends in vaccinology against these
viral disorders, we describe viral genetic, replication, transmission,
and tropism, host-immune evasion strategies, and the epidemiology and
health risks of their associated syndromes. We focus on immunity
generated against both natural infection and vaccination, where a
steady shift in conferred vaccination immunogenicity is observed from
quantifying activated and proliferating, long-lived effector memory T
cell subsets, as the prominent biomarkers of long-term immunity
against viruses and their associated disorders causing high morbidity
and mortality rates.

####################-ab3f5b8eaac29d0824e8e3fdaa6e3a0c3df4bf67-####################
title: Animals and Human Health: Where Do They Meet?*
abstract:

####################-a65111e0e1a8f26d4789ea6439cae1cfa5b391b8-####################
title: HYPOTHESIS AND THEORY Citation: A Possible Mechanism of Zika
Virus Associated Microcephaly: Imperative Role of Retinoic Acid
Response Element (RARE) Consensus Sequence Repeats in the Viral Genome
abstract: and embryological features are in favor of our hypothesis,
additional studies including animal models are warranted to validate
our proposition. Such studies are likely to unfold ZIKV-microcephaly
association and may help in devising methods to combat it.

####################-e7df6e6b00213948f60923cd0c111d58ffdfda00-####################
title:
abstract:

####################-6f6e4ab0d6f5fca090211b588154bddc26e6f1ba-####################
title: Advances in structure- assisted antiviral discovery for animal
viral diseases
abstract:

####################-e03d8d5249a561adcca4ebd72d024c8584dd624f-####################
title: Synthesis and in vitro cytotoxicity evaluation of
4-aminoquinoline derivatives
abstract: A series of 4-aminoquinoline derivatives were synthesized by
the reaction of 4-chloro-7-substituted-quinolines with the
corresponding mono/ dialkyl amines. The structures of the synthesized
compounds were confirmed by NMR and FAB-MS spectral and elemental
analyses. Subsequently, the compounds were examined for their
cytotoxic effects on two different human breast tumor cell lines: MCF7
and MDA-MB468. Although all compounds examined were quite effective on
both cell lines, the compound N 0 -(7-chloro-
quinolin-4-yl)-N,N-dimethyl-ethane-1,2-diamine emerged as the most
active compound of the series. It was particularly potent against MDA-
MB 468 cells when compared to chloroquine and amodiaquine. The
compound butyl-(7-fluoro-quinolin-4-yl)-amine showed more potent
effects on MCF-7 cells when compared to chloroquine. Therefore,
4-aminoquinoline can serve as the prototype molecule for further
development of a new class of anticancer agents.

####################-c2a69ec62b5553d158b04c9a91409e451f91e2ee-####################
title: Demographic and environmental drivers of metagenomic viral
diversity in vampire bats
abstract: Viruses infect all forms of life and play critical roles as
agents of disease, drivers of biochemical cycles and sources of
genetic diversity for their hosts. Our understanding of viral
diversity derives primarily from comparisons among host species,
precluding insight into how intraspecific variation in host ecology
affects viral communities or how predictable viral communities are
across populations. Here we test spatial, demographic and
environmental hypotheses explaining viral richness and community
composition across populations of common vampire bats, which occur in
diverse habitats of North, Central and South America. We demonstrate
marked variation in viral communities that was not consistently
predicted by a null model of declining community similarity with
increasing spatial or genetic distances separating populations. We
also find no evidence that larger bat colonies host greater viral
diversity. Instead, viral diversity follows an elevational gradient,
is enriched by juvenile-biased age structure, and declines with local
anthropogenic food resources as measured by livestock density. Our
results establish the value of linking the modern influx of
metagenomic sequence data with comparative ecology, reveal that
snapshot views of viral diversity are unlikely to be representative at
the species level, and affirm existing ecological theories that link
host ecology not only to single pathogen dynamics but also to viral
communities. Chiroptera, community assembly, demography, Desmodus
rotundus, elevational gradient, infectious diseases, population
structure, shotgun metagenomics, virome, wildlife disease | 27 BERGNER
Et al.

####################-084730ad52ec598976332e8ce55afa4b8b55c25a-####################
title: Crystal Structure of Human Enterovirus 71 3C Protease
abstract: † S.C. and J.W. contributed equally to this work. ‡ S.C.,
M.W., and Q.J. contributed equally to this work and are co-senior
authors of the paper.

####################-544a005c6288491bc6229435fddcdec62d6e24b9-####################
title: Compounds with anti-influenza activity: present and future of
strategies for the optimal treatment and management of influenza Part
II: Future compounds against influenza virus
abstract:

####################-a4cc07b207ef8a20f6b2dd4f2123802c5f52b006-####################
title: Diffusion size and structural virality: The effects of message
and network features on spreading health information on twitter
abstract: Relying on diffusion of innovation theory, this study
examines the impacts of perceived message features and network
characteristics on size (i.e., the number of retweets a message
receives) and structural virality (i.e., quantified distinction
between broadcast and viral diffusion) of information diffusion on
Twitter. The study collected 425 unique tweets posted by CDC during a
17-week period and constructed a diffusion tree for each unique tweet.
Findings indicated that, with respect to message features, perceived
efficacy after reading a tweet positively predicted diffusion size of
the tweet, whereas perceived susceptibility to a health condition
after reading a tweet positively predicted structural virality of the
tweet. Perceived negative emotion positively predicted both size and
structural virality. With respect to network features, the level of
involvement of brokers in diffusing a tweet increased the tweet's
structural virality. Theoretical and practical implications were
discussed on disseminating health information via broadcasting and
viral diffusion on social media.

####################-8a6809df45d5f80a822d68d3c305f7640e10234a-####################
title: Large-scale evolutionary surveillance of the 2009 H1N1
influenza A virus using resequencing arrays
abstract: In April 2009, a new influenza A (H1N1 2009) virus emerged
that rapidly spread around the world. While current variants of this
virus have caused widespread disease, particularly in vulnerable

####################-119f62415e2acfe16087cfde48f3ed7b3d145703-####################
title: An investigation of district spatial variations of childhood
diarrhoea and fever morbidity in Malawi
abstract: Although diarrhoea and malaria are among the leading causes
of child mortality and morbidity in Sub-Saharan Africa, few detailed
studies have examined the patterns and determinants of these ailments
in the most affected communities. In this paper, we investigate the
spatial distribution of observed diarrhoea and fever prevalence in
Malawi using individual data for 10,185 children from the 2000 Malawi
Demographic and Health survey. We highlight inequalities in child
health by mapping the residual district spatial effects using a geo-
additive probit model that simultaneously controls for spatial
dependence in the data and potential nonlinear effects of covariates.
The residual spatial effects were modelled via a Bayesian approach.
For both ailments, we were able to identify a distinct district
pattern of childhood morbidity. In particular, the results suggest
that children living in the capital city are less affected by fever,
although this is not true for diarrhoea, where some urban
agglomerations are associated with a higher childhood morbidity risk.
The spatial patterns emphasize the role of remoteness as well as
climatic, environmental, and geographic factors on morbidity. The
fixed effects show that for diarrhoea, the risk of child morbidity
appears to be lower among infants who are exclusively breastfed than
among those who are mixed-fed. However, exclusive breastfeeding was
not found to have a protective effect on fever. An important socio-
economic factor for both diarrhoea and fever morbidity was parental
education, especially maternal educational attainment. Diarrhoea and
fever were both observed to show an interesting association with
child's age. We were able to discern the continuous worsening of the
child morbidity up to 8-12 months of age. This deterioration set in
right after birth and continues, more or less linearly until 8-12
months, before beginning to decline thereafter. Independent of other
factors, a separate spatial process produces district inequalities in
child's health. r (N.-B Kandala), m.a.magadi@lboro.ac.uk (M.A.
Magadi), nmadise@aphrc.org (N.J. Madise).

####################-6a776cdff97d90eae72e7f8be666aef3a14224e2-####################
title: Membrane Fusion and Cell Entry of XMRV Are pH- Independent and
Modulated by the Envelope Glycoprotein's Cytoplasmic Tail
abstract: Xenotropic murine leukemia virus-related virus (XMRV) is a
gammaretrovirus that was originally identified from human prostate
cancer patients and subsequently linked to chronic fatigue syndrome.
Recent studies showed that XMRV is a recombinant mouse retrovirus;
hence, its association with human diseases has become questionable.
Here, we demonstrated that XMRV envelope (Env)-mediated pseudoviral
infection is not blocked by lysosomotropic agents and cellular
protease inhibitors, suggesting that XMRV entry is not pH-dependent.
The full length XMRV Env was unable to induce syncytia formation and
cell-cell fusion, even in cells overexpressing the viral receptor,
XPR1. However, truncation of the C-terminal 21 or 33 amino acid
residues in the cytoplasmic tail (CT) of XMRV Env induced substantial
membrane fusion, not only in the permissive 293 cells but also in the
nonpermissive CHO cells that lack a functional XPR1 receptor. The
increased fusion activities of these truncations correlated with their
enhanced SU shedding into culture media, suggesting conformational
changes in the ectodomain of XMRV Env. Noticeably, further truncation
of the CT of XMRV Env proximal to the membrane-spanning domain
severely impaired the Env fusogenicity, as well as dramatically
decreased the Env incorporations into MoMLV oncoretroviral and HIV-1
lentiviral vectors resulting in greatly reduced viral transductions.
Collectively, our studies reveal that XMRV entry does not require a
low pH or low pH-dependent host proteases, and that the cytoplasmic
tail of XMRV Env critically modulates membrane fusion and cell entry.
Our data also imply that additional cellular factors besides XPR1 are
likely to be involved in XMRV entry. Citation: Cô té M, Zheng Y-M, Liu
S-L (2012) Membrane Fusion and Cell Entry of XMRV Are pH-Independent
and Modulated by the Envelope Glycoprotein's Cytoplasmic Tail. PLoS
ONE 7(3): e33734.

####################-891bb8520d6974a9a5e43b16009d6484442f7da8-####################
title: Infectious Diseases of the Central Nervous System
abstract:

####################-04733d9b91b1744e046dddef8b3253aa13a3c717-####################
title:
abstract:

####################-c1d484d4ea96d4727b857c74defedcd5aa73b30f-####################
title: miR-208-3p promotes hepatocellular carcinoma cell proliferation
and invasion through regulating ARID2 expression
abstract: a b s t r a c t MicroRNAs (miRNAs) are small non-coding RNAs
that negatively regulate gene expression at posttranscriptional level.
miRNA dysregulation plays a causal role in cancer progression. In this
study, miR-208-3p was highly expressed and directly repressed ARID2
expression. As a result, ARID2 expression in hepatocellular carcinoma
(HCC) was decreased. In vitro, miR-208-3p down-regulation and ARID2
overexpression elicited similar inhibitory effects on HCC cell
proliferation and invasion. In vivo test results revealed that
miR-208-3p down-regulation inhibited HCC tumorigenesis in Hep3B cells.
Moreover, ARID2 was possibly a downstream element of transforming
growth factor beta1 (TGFβ1)/miR-208-3p/ ARID2 regulatory pathway.
These findings suggested that miR-208-3p up-regulation is associated
with HCC cell progression and may provide a new target for liver
cancer treatment.

####################-4c1d608959033784b3e85e34a9209ba77492f5c6-####################
title:
abstract:

####################-8f5e0516669da7cb0ff009b40acb3ae746db75e9-####################
title: Effects of intravenous Escherichia coli dose on the
pathophysiological response of colostrum-fed Jersey calves
abstract: Objectives of the present study were to characterize the
dose dependency of an intravenous Escherichia coli O111:H8 challenge
in colostrum-fed Jersey calves and to identify any biochemical markers
indicative of septicemia. Eighteen 3-week old colostrum-fed Jersey
calves were completely randomized to 1 of 6 doses of E. coli O111:H8.
The challenge doses included 0, 1.5 × 10 5 , 1.5 × 10 6 , 1.5 × 10 7 ,
1.5 × 10 8 , and 1.5 × 10 9 colony-forming units (CFU) given
intravenously as a bolus in 5 mL of sterile isotonic saline.
Peripheral blood samples were collected at 0, 2, 4, 8, 12, 24, and 48
h relative to the challenge for biochemical, total leukocyte count,
and differential analyses. Rectal temperatures were collected via
indwelling rectal temperature probes at 5-min intervals, and hourly
averages calculated from 2 d prior to the challenge till 2 d after the
challenge. All calves survived the 48 h observation period following
the challenge. Calves given 1.5 × 10 8 and 1.5 × 10 9 CFU displayed
sickness behaviors (P < 0.01) beginning 0.5 h after the challenge and
returned to that of the control calves by 6 and 32 h for calves
challenged with 1.5 × 10 8 and 1.5 × 10 9 CFU, respectively. There
were treatment × time interactions (P < 0.01) on total leukocyte
counts and plasma glucose and zinc concentrations. Calves administered
1.5 × 10 8 and 1.5 × 10 9 CFU had leucopenia beginning 2 h after the
challenge and returning to counts similar to the control calves within
24 h. Additionally, those calves were hypoglycemic from 4 to 12 h
after the challenge with the degree of hypoglycemia inversely related
to the dose of the E. coli. All calves challenged with E. coli had
decreased plasma zinc concentrations, and the magnitude was inversely
proportional to the challenge dose. There were treatment × time
interactions (P < 0.001) on rectal temperatures following the
challenge. All calves challenged with E. coli developed a febrile
response, but the intensity and duration of the response were
dependent on the challenge dose. These data indicate that calves
intravenously challenged with 1.5 × 10 8 and 1.5 × 10 9 CFU of the E.
coli O111:H8 showed immediate clinical and biochemical signs
indicative of septicemia. However, calves administered 1.5 × 10 7 or
less of the E. coli had febrile responses, but did not develop
septicemia. Blood glucose and zinc concentrations may be dose
responsive indicators that could potentially differentiate between a
septicemic versus non-septicemic calf.

####################-bb790e8366da63c4f5e2d64fa7bbd5673b93063c-####################
title: Discontinuous Transcription or RNA Processing of Vaccinia Virus
Late Messengers Results in a 5' Poly(A) Leader
abstract:

####################-dc180c51f54487e4bbbd129c1cc2e30deacd3181-####################
title: viruses Identification of a Novel Inhibitor against Middle East
Respiratory Syndrome Coronavirus
abstract: The Middle East respiratory syndrome coronavirus (MERS-CoV)
was first isolated in 2012, and circulated worldwide with high
mortality. The continual outbreaks of MERS-CoV highlight the
importance of developing antiviral therapeutics. Here, we rationally
designed a novel fusion inhibitor named MERS-five-helix bundle
(MERS-5HB) derived from the six-helix bundle (MERS-6HB) which was
formed by the process of membrane fusion. MERS-5HB consists of three
copies of heptad repeat 1 (HR1) and two copies of heptad repeat 2
(HR2) while MERS-6HB includes three copies each of HR1 and HR2. As it
lacks one HR2, MERS-5HB was expected to interact with viral HR2 to
interrupt the fusion step. What we found was that MERS-5HB could bind
to HR2P, a peptide derived from HR2, with a strong affinity value (K D
) of up to 0.24 nM. Subsequent assays indicated that MERS-5HB could
inhibit pseudotyped MERS-CoV entry effectively with 50% inhibitory
concentration (IC 50 ) of about 1 µM. In addition, MERS-5HB
significantly inhibited spike (S) glycoprotein-mediated syncytial
formation in a dose-dependent manner. Further biophysical
characterization showed that MERS-5HB was a thermo-stable α-helical
secondary structure. The inhibitory potency of MERS-5HB may provide an
attractive basis for identification of a novel inhibitor against MERS-
CoV, as a potential antiviral agent.

####################-919375a1d0c4d7bb9230e44b929051aa0ca740e0-####################
title: Vaccine-induced enhancement of viral infections
abstract: Examples of vaccine-induced enhancement of susceptibility to
virus infection or of aberrant viral pathogenesis have been documented
for infections by members of different virus families. Several
mechanisms, many of which still are poorly understood, are at the
basis of this phenomenon. Vaccine development for lentivirus
infections in general, and for HIV/AIDS in particular, has been little
successful. Certain experimental lentiviral vaccines even proved to be
counterproductive: they rendered vaccinated subjects more susceptible
to infection rather than protecting them. For vaccine-induced enhanced
susceptibility to infection with certain viruses like feline
coronavirus, Dengue virus, and feline immunodeficiency virus, it has
been shown that antibody-dependent enhancement (ADE) plays an
important role. Other mechanisms may, either in the absence of or in
combination with ADE, be involved. Consequently, vaccine-induced
enhancement has been a major stumble block in the development of
certain flavi-, corona-, paramyxo-, and lentivirus vaccines. Also
recent failures in the development of a vaccine against HIV may at
least in part be attributed to induction of enhanced susceptibility to
infection. There may well be a delicate balance between the induction
of protective immunity on the one hand and the induction of enhanced
susceptibility on the other. The present paper reviews the currently
known mechanisms of vaccine-induced enhancement of susceptibility to
virus infection or of aberrant viral pathogenesis.

####################-7db71c748b8c81436a6d6d34f7b885dad308797c-####################
title:
abstract:

####################-ece140f2d510d370f594707b718066f7173a39e1-####################
title: Preventative Vaccines for Zika Virus Outbreak: Preliminary
Evaluation-NC-ND license (http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-nc-
nd/4.0/)
abstract: Since it emerged in Brazil in May 2015, the mosquito-borne
Zika virus (ZIKV) has raised global concern due to its association
with a significant rise in the number of infants born with
microcephaly and neurological disorders such as Guillain-Barré
syndrome. We developed prototype subunit and adenoviral-based Zika
vaccines encoding the extracellular portion of the ZIKV envelope gene
(E) fused to the T4 fibritin foldon trimerization domain (Efl). The
subunit vaccine was delivered intradermally through carboxymethyl
cellulose microneedle array (MNA). The immunogenicity of these two
vaccines, named Ad5.ZIKV-Efl and ZIKV-rEfl, was tested in C57BL/6
mice. Prime/boost immunization regimen was associated with induction
of a ZIKV-specific antibody response, which provided neutralizing
immunity. Moreover, protection was evaluated in seven-day-old pups
after virulent ZIKV intraperitoneal challenge. Pups born to mice
immunized with Ad5.ZIKV-Efl were all protected against lethal
challenge infection without weight loss or neurological signs, while
pups born to dams immunized with MNA-ZIKV-rEfl were partially
protected (50%). No protection was seen in pups born to phosphate
buffered saline-immunized mice. This study illustrates the preliminary
efficacy of the E ZIKV antigen vaccination in controlling ZIKV
infectivity, providing a promising candidate vaccine and antigen
format for the prevention of Zika virus disease.

####################-2e84c01cad3e1f37940539a14a1f043fadf5b36d-####################
title: Review of Participatory Epidemiology Practices in Animal Health
(1980-2015) and Future Practice Directions
abstract: In this study we combined an inventory of the major
applications, geographic regions and diseases covered by participatory
epidemiology (PE) activities in the field of animal health since 1980,
together with an email discussion forum with PE practitioners from
different regions of the world. The inventory included the search of
peer-reviewed papers, master and technical reports, conference
proceedings, manuals, training materials and projects. The search
resulted in a low number of PE activity results until the year 2000,
followed by a considerable increase (especially from 2012). Most of
the identified activities were implemented in Africa and Asia, and
focused on surveillance, disease survey and prioritization, and
disease control. Seventy-nine PE practitioners working predominantly
in Africa, Asia and Europe (29, 22 and 18 respectively) contributed to
the email discussion forum. They proposed various modifications to the
existing PE definition and discussed different issues related to the
applicatoin of PE, its institutionalization for use in policy
development, as well as the priorities for future development. The
need to increase the number of PE trained people together with some
methodological developments and the application of this methodology in
developed countries, were some of the points highlighted during the
forum. These factors stress the importance of further developing PE as
a useful approach for engaging communities in addressing animal and
related public health risks.

####################-33fbcefc12a3f06bf2e20b88ac1b69d481746250-####################
title: Serological evidence of MERS-CoV and HKU8-related CoV co-
infection in Kenyan camels
abstract: Dromedary camels are important reservoir hosts of various
coronaviruses, including Middle East respiratory syndrome coronavirus
(MERS-CoV) that cause human infections. CoV genomes regularly undergo
recombination during infection as observed in bat SARS-related CoVs.
Here we report for the first time that only a small proportion of
MERS-CoV receptor-binding domain positive (RBD) of spike protein
positive camel sera in Kenya were also seropositive to MERS-CoV
nucleocapsid (NP). In contrast, many of them contain antibodies
against bat HKU8-related (HKU8r)-CoVs. Among 584 camel samples that
were positive against MERS-CoV RBD, we found only 0.48 (8.22%) samples
were also positive for NP. Furthermore, we found bat HKU8r-CoV NP
antibody in 73 (12.5%) of the MERS-CoV RBD positive and NP negative
samples, yet found only 3 (0.43%) of the HKU8r-CoV S1 antibody in the
same samples. These findings may indicate co-infection with MERS-CoV
and a HKU8r-CoV in camels. It may also raise the possibility of the
circulation of a recombinant coronavirus virus with the spike of MERS-
CoV and the NP of a HKU8r-CoV in Kenya. We failed to find molecular
evidence of an HKU8r-CoV or a putative recombinant virus. Our findings
should alert other investigators to look for molecular evidence of
HKU8r-CoV or recombinants.

####################-5300635b9c02f28ee26a26ee5547b6bc16cd0139-####################
title: Increased cytokine/chemokines in serum from asthmatic and non-
asthmatic patients with viral respiratory infection
abstract: Results Similar increased cytokine concentrations were
observed in asthmatic and non-asthmatic patients. However, higher
concentrations of chemokines were observed in asthmatic patients.
Virus-infected monocyte cultures showed similar cytokine/ chemokine
profiles to those observed in the patients. Conclusions Circulating
cytokine profiles induced by acute viral lung infection were not
related to asthmatic status, except for chemokines that were already
increased in the asthmatic status. Monocytes could play an important
role in the increased circulating concentration of cytokines found
during respiratory viral infections. Please cite this paper as:
Giuffrida et al. (2014) Increased cytokine/chemokines in serum from
asthmatic and non-asthmatic patients with viral respiratory infection.

####################-d8bd6551bdf4f24218e170e2224c250875751c5f-####################
title:
abstract:

####################-e88ddb14ceee73a1db00d2991c683b872e747b33-####################
title: Bocavirus Infection in Otherwise Healthy Children with
Respiratory Disease
abstract: To evaluate the role of human bocavirus (hBoV) as a
causative agent of respiratory disease, the importance of the viral
load in respiratory disease type and severity and the pathogenicity of
the different hBoV species, we studied all hBoV-positive
nasopharyngeal samples collected from children who attended an
emergency room for a respiratory tract infection during three winters
(). Human bocavirus was detected using the respiratory virus panel
fast assay and real-time PCR. Of the 1,823 nasopharyngeal samples, 104
(5.7%) were positive for hBoV; a similar prevalence was observed in
all three periods studied. Among hBoV-infected children, 53.8% were
between 1-2 years old, and hBoV was detected alone in 57/104 (54.8%)
cases. All of the detected hBoV strains belonged to genotype 1. The
median hBoV load was significantly higher in samples containing
strains with both the N546H and T590S mutations compared to other
samples (p<0.05). Children with a single hBoV-1 infection more
frequently had upper respiratory tract infections (URTIs) than those
who were co-infected (37.0% vs 17.8%, respectively, p = 0.04). The
duration of hospitalization was longer among children with high viral
loads than that observed among children with low viral loads (8.0 ±2.2
days vs 5.0 ±1.5 days, respectively, p = 0.03), and the use of aerosol
therapy was more frequent among children with high viral loads than
among those with low viral loads (77.1% vs 55.7%, respectively, p =
0.04). This study shows that hBoV is a relatively uncommon but stable
infectious agent in children and that hBoV1 seems to be the only
strain detected in Italy in respiratory samples. From a clinical point
of view, hBoV1 seems to have in the majority of healthy children
relatively low clinical relevance. Moreover, the viral load influences
only the duration of hospitalization and the use of aerosol therapy
without any association with the site of the respiratory disease.

####################-2adf2fd6d260fc547f90bd97bc1ac0ec8b07b738-####################
title: Biologie moléculaire et microbiologie clinique en 2007
Généralités -Partie 1 Molecular biology in clinical microbiology in
2007 - Part 1
abstract: Disponible sur internet le 15 février 2007 MOTS CLÉS
Biologie moléculaire ; Microbiologie ; Amplification génique Résumé La
biologie moléculaire est omniprésente en biologie médicale et plus
particulièrement en microbiologie. De nombreux articles démontrent son
importance tant dans le domaine du diagnostic que du pronostic, de
l'évaluation thérapeutique, de l'épidémiologie ou des risques
biologiques naturels ou non. La quantité considérable d'articles sur
ce sujet, n'apporte pas toujours une réponse évidente sur le rôle de
la biologie moléculaire dans un laboratoire de microbiologie qu'il
soit hospitalier ou non. Cette revue constitue une synthèse des
apports de cette discipline en microbiologie. À partir de cet état des
lieux, certaines questions se posent, par exemple : la biologie
moléculaire constitue-t-elle un réel apport en microbiologie ? Dans
quelles indications prescrire un examen de biologie moléculaire ? Les
réponses ne sont pas toujours simples. Dans cet article composé de
deux parties, la première partie aborde les généralités de biologie
moléculaire et plus particulièrement les principales techniques
utilisées dans le domaine de la microbiologie et la seconde partie à
venir traitera des applications. Abstract Molecular biology is
omnipresent in medical biology especially in microbiology. Many papers
report studies on its importance in diagnosis, prognosis, therapeutic
field, epidemiology, natural (or not) biological risks alike. The
important sum of reports on this subject does not always bring an
obvious answer to the part that molecular biology could play in a
microbiology laboratory either public or private. This article
summarizes the contributions of this Immuno-analyse et biologie
spécialisée 22 (2007) 5-18 a v a i l a b l e a t w w w. s c i e n c e
d i r e c t . c o m j o u r n a l h o m e p a g e : h t t p : / / f r
a n c e . e l s e v i e r. c o m / d i r e c t / I M M B I O /
Amplification specialized field in microbiology and brings some
questions on its contribution. Is molecular biology a real progress in
microbiology? What are the main indications of molecular biology today
in this field? According to the infectious particle, the answers are
not always simple. They can be obvious in some cases (for instance,
hepatitis C) or less obvious in other cases (tuberculosis for
instance). In this article divided in two parts, the first one report
an introduction to molecular biology in microbiology and the following
second part will deal with the main applications in microbiology.

####################-d6a5a00ad9468ae27a3a1c7cc33c2131297fbaa9-####################
title: Engineered hepatitis B virus surface antigen L protein
particles for in vivo active targeting of splenic dendritic cells
abstract: Dendritic cells (DCs) are key regulators of adaptive T-cell
responses. By capturing exogenous antigens and presenting antigen-
derived peptides via major histocompatibility complex molecules to
naïve T cells, DCs induce antigen-specific immune responses in vivo.
In order to induce effective host immune responses, active delivery of
exogenous antigens to DCs is considered important for future vaccine
development. We recently generated bionanocapsules (BNCs) consisting
of hepatitis B virus surface antigens that mediate stringent in vivo
cell targeting and efficient endosomal escape, and after the fusion
with liposomes (LP) containing therapeutic materials, the BNC-LP
complexes deliver them to human liver-derived tissues in vivo. BNCs
were further modified to present the immunoglobulin G (IgG) Fc-
interacting domain (Z domain) derived from Staphylococcus aureus
protein A in tandem. When mixed with IgGs, modified BNCs (ZZ-BNCs)
displayed the IgG Fv regions outwardly for efficient binding to
antigens in an oriented-immobilization manner. Due to the affinity of
the displayed IgGs, the IgG-ZZ-BNC complexes accumulated in specific
cells and tissues in vitro and in vivo. After mixing ZZ-BNCs with
antibodies against DCs, we used immunocytochemistry to examine which
antibodies delivered ZZ-BNCs to mouse splenic DCs following
intravenous injection of the ZZ-BNCs. ZZ-BNCs displaying anti-CD11c
monoclonal antibodies (α-CD11c-ZZ-BNCs) were found to accumulate with
approximately 62% of splenic DCs, and reside within some of them.
After the fusion with liposomes containing antigens, the α-CD11c-ZZ-
BNCs could elicit the respective antibodies more efficiently than
other nontargeting control vaccines, suggesting that this DC-specific
nanocarrier is promising for future vaccines.

####################-da59c7ef76390e0e97e6e57f5ff689152b14f6a2-####################
title: Development and validation of different indirect ELISAs for
MERS-CoV serological testing
abstract: Since 2012, MERS-CoV has caused up to 2220 cases and 790
deaths in 27 countries with Saudi Arabia being the most affected
country with~83.1% of the cases and~38.8% local death rate. Current
serological assays such as microneutralization (MN), plaque reduction
neutralization, immunofluorescence, protein microarray or
pseudoparticle neutralization assays rely on handling of live MERS-CoV
in high containment laboratories or need for expensive and special
equipment and reagents and highly trained personnel which represent a
technical hurdle for most laboratories in resource-limited MERS-CoV
endemic countries. Here, we developed, compared and evaluated three
different indirect ELISAs based on MERS-CoV nucleocapsid protein (N),
spike (S) ectodomain (amino acids 1-1297) and S1 subunit (amino acids
1-725) and compared them with MN assay. The developed ELISAs were
evaluated using large number of confirmed seropositive (79 samples)
and seronegative (274 samples) MERS-CoV human serum samples. Both
rS1-and rS-ELISAs maintained high sensitivity and specificity (≥90%)
across a wider range of OD values compared to rN-ELISA. Moreover,
rS1-and rS-based ELISAs showed better agreement and correlation with
MN assay in contrast to rN-ELISA. Collectively, our data demonstrate
that rS1-ELISA and rS-ELISA are more reliable than rN-ELISA and
represent a suitable choice for seroepidemiological testing and
surveillance in MERS-CoV endemic regions. Several MERS-CoV serological
assays have been developed and https://doi.

####################-8ceb037798bd3fa6941261d1b888fe0cb79f2850-####################
title: A novel two-pronged strategy to suppress host protein synthesis
by SARS coronavirus Nsp1 protein
abstract: Severe acute respiratory syndrome coronavirus nsp1 protein
suppresses host gene expression, including type I interferon
production, by promoting host mRNA degradation and inhibiting host
translation, in infected cells. We present evidence that nsp1 uses a
novel, two-pronged strategy to inhibit host translation/gene
expression. Nsp1 bound to the 40S ribosomal subunit and inactivated
the translational activity of the 40S subunits. Furthermore, the
nsp1-40S ribosome complex induced the modification of the 5'-region of
capped mRNA template and rendered the template RNA translationally
incompetent. Nsp1 also induced RNA cleavage in templates carrying the
internal ribosome entry site (IRES) from encephalomyocarditis virus,
but not in those carrying IRESs from hepatitis C and cricket paralysis
viruses, demonstrating that the nsp1-induced RNA modification was
template-dependent. We speculate that the mRNAs that underwent the
nsp1mediated modification are marked for rapid turnover by the host
RNA degradation machinery.

####################-b187316c24eb26f96af6ebbc243e90cfc504d94b-####################
title: High-level expression and purification of soluble recombinant
FGF21 protein by SUMO fusion in Escherichia coli
abstract: Background: Fibroblast growth factor 21 (FGF21) is a
promising drug candidate to combat metabolic diseases. However, high-
level expression and purification of recombinant FGF21 (rFGF21) in
Escherichia coli (E. coli) is difficult because rFGF21 forms inclusion
bodies in the bacteria making it difficult to purify and obtain high
concentrations of bioactive rFGF21. To overcome this problem, we fused
the FGF21 with SUMO (Small ubiquitin-related modifier) by polymerase
chain reaction (PCR), and expressed the fused gene in E. coli
BL21(DE3). Results: By inducing with IPTG, SUMO-FGF21 was expressed at
a high level. Its concentration reached 30% of total protein, and
exceeded 95% of all soluble proteins. The fused protein was purified
by DEAE sepharose FF and Ni-NTA affinity chromatography. Once cleaved
by the SUMO protease, the purity of rFGF21 by high performance liquid
chromatography (HPLC) was shown to be higher than 96% with low
endotoxin level (<1.0 EU/ml). The results of in vivo animal
experiments showed that rFGF21 produced by using this method, could
decrease the concentration of plasma glucose in diabetic rats by
streptozotocin (STZ) injection. Conclusions: This study demonstrated
that SUMO, when fused with FGF21, was able to promote its soluble
expression of the latter in E. coli, making it more convenient to
purify rFGF21 than previously. This may be a better method to produce
rFGF21 for pharmaceutical research and development.

####################-54270a3fb2b3e333b2c4b1bffd814f4c7c288923-####################
title: Quantification of the severity of an outbreak in human
infection control
abstract:

####################-e39026eab00f2cec1174fee2ea791de98c7f80ec-####################
title:
abstract:

####################-804295e0173e403f91824b8f8a1886aa4c67fb32-####################
title: Stimulation and analysis of the immune response in calves from
vaccinated pregnant cows
abstract:

####################-73a4cb59929daf2449db1891e4ab5175ec8cdbc3-####################
title: Chapter 4 Biology and Diseases of Rats
abstract:

####################-2f0d39c2a5788accd2e48edd53e39424db2446ba-####################
title:
abstract:

####################-ed4f66c6cffe73edb4987c041f9dc7eadc967950-####################
title: Role of Carbohydrate in Glycoprotein Traffic and Secretion
abstract:

####################-7b22c0d8cb7675bcc5aa283fe3bfef6c72052519-####################
title: Real-Time Sequence-Validated Loop- Mediated Isothermal
Amplification Assays for Detection of Middle East Respiratory Syndrome
Coronavirus (MERS-CoV)
abstract: The Middle East respiratory syndrome coronavirus (MERS-CoV),
an emerging human coronavirus, causes severe acute respiratory illness
with a 35% mortality rate. In light of the recent surge in reported
infections we have developed asymmetric five-primer reverse
transcription loop-mediated isothermal amplification (RT-LAMP) assays
for detection of MERS-CoV. Isothermal amplification assays will
facilitate the development of portable point-of-care diagnostics that
are crucial for management of emerging infections. The RT-LAMP assays
are designed to amplify MERS-CoV genomic loci located within the open
reading frame (ORF)1a and ORF1b genes and upstream of the E gene.
Additionally we applied one-step strand displacement probes (OSD) for
real-time sequence-specific verification of LAMP amplicons. Asymmetric
amplification effected by incorporating a single loop primer in each
assay accelerated the time-to-result of the OSD-RT-LAMP assays. The
resulting assays could detect 0.02 to 0.2 plaque forming units (PFU)
(5 to 50 PFU/ml) of MERS-CoV in infected cell culture supernatants
within 30 to 50 min and did not cross-react with common human
respiratory pathogens.

####################-be5a6b0a0bff9b130578c5ad71a6be32d16525d6-####################
title: a section of the journal Frontiers in Microbiology
Transmissible Gastroenteritis Virus Infection Up-Regulates FcRn
Expression via Nucleocapsid Protein and Secretion of TGF-β in Porcine
Intestinal Epithelial Cells
abstract: Transmissible gastroenteritis virus (TGEV) is a porcine
intestinal coronavirus that causes fatal severe watery diarrhea in
piglets. The neonatal Fc receptor (FcRn) is the only IgG transport
receptor, its expression on mucosal surfaces is triggered upon viral
stimulation, which significantly enhances mucosal immunity. We
utilized TGEV as a model pathogen to explore the role of FcRn in
resisting viral invasion in overall intestinal mucosal immunity. TGEV
induced FcRn expression by activating NF-κB signaling in porcine small
intestinal epithelial (IPEC-J2) cells, however, the underlying
mechanisms are unclear. First, using small interfering RNAs, we found
that TGEV up-regulated FcRn expression via TLR3, TLR9 and RIG-I.
Moreover, TGEV induced IL-1β, IL-6, IL-8, TGF-β, and TNF-α production.
TGF-β-stimulated IPEC-J2 cells highly up-regulated FcRn expression,
while treatment with a JNK-specific inhibitor down-regulated the
expression. TGEV nucleocapsid (N) protein also enhanced FcRn promoter
activity via the NF-κB signaling pathway and its central region (aa
128-252) was essential for FcRn activation. Additionally, N protein-
mediated FcRn up-regulation promotes IgG transcytosis. Thus, TGEV N
protein and TGF-β up-regulated FcRn expression, further clarifying the
molecular mechanism of up-regulation of FcRn expression by TGEV.

####################-cc558cbd8dd2f2c59b87377e688f13646da297e0-####################
title: Diagnostic approaches for viruses and prions in stem cell banks
abstract: Some stem cell lines may contain an endogenous virus or can
be contaminated with exogenous viruses (even of animal origin) and may
secrete viral particles or express viral antigens on their surface.
Moreover, certain biotechnological products (e.g. bovine fetal serum,
murine feeder cells) may contain prion particles. Viral and prion
contamination of cell cultures and ''feeder'' cells, which is a common
risk in all biotechnological products derived from the cell lines, is
the most challenging and potentially serious outcome to address, due
to the difficulty involved in virus and prion detection and the
potential to cause serious disease in recipients of these cell
products. Stem cell banks should introduce adequate quality assurance
programs like the microbiological control program and can provide
researchers with valuable support in the standardization and safety of
procedures and protocols used for the viral and prion testing and in
validation programs to assure the quality and safety of the cells.

####################-11875dfda6cd04d5032611edf0e340582ceb620f-####################
title: Predictions for the binding domain and potential new drug
targets of 2019-nCoV
abstract: An outbreak of new SARS-like viral in Wuhan, China has been
named 2019-nCoV. The current state of the epidemic is increasingly
serious, and there has been the urgent necessity to develop an
effective new drug. In previous studies, it was found that the
conformation change in CTD1 was the region where SARS-CoV bound to
human ACE2. Although there are mutations of the 2019-nCoV, the binding
energy of ACE2 remains high. The surface glycoprotein of 2019-nCoV was
coincident with the CTD1 region of the S-protein by comparing the
I-TASSER prediction model with the actual SARS model, which suggests
that 2019-nCoV may bind to the ACE2 receptor through conformational
changes. Furthermore, site prediction on the surface glycoprotein of
2019-nCoV suggests some core amino acid area may be a novel drug
target against 2019-nCoV.

####################-dac1b1607ae72b9509ab26367e0d55016e8132a8-####################
title: Epidemic Situation of Novel Coronavirus Pneumonia in China
mainland
abstract: Objective] Analyze the occurrence of novel coronavirus
pneumonia(NCP) in China mainland, explore the epidemiological rules,
and evaluate the effect of prevention and control. [Methods] From

####################-adb09e4e5c7331b2aa661b3d3bb0a643e00d11bc-####################
title: Evidence of recombination in coronaviruses implicating pangolin
origins of nCoV- 2019
abstract: A novel coronavirus (nCoV-2019) was the cause of an outbreak
of respiratory illness detected in Wuhan, Hubei Province, China in
December of 2019. Genomic analyses of nCoV-2019 determined a 96%
resemblance with a coronavirus isolated from a bat in 2013 (RaTG13);
however, the receptor binding motif (RBM) of these two genomes share
low sequence similarity. This divergence suggests a possible
alternative source for the RBM coding sequence in nCoV-2019. We
identified high sequence similarity in the RBM between nCoV-2019 and a
coronavirus genome reconstructed from a viral metagenomic dataset from
pangolins possibly indicating a more complex origin for nCoV-

####################-6115e9fbaed5e154ff92cb8d02387fec72251dab-####################
title: Title: Protocol of a randomized controlled trial testing
inhaled Nitric Oxide in mechanically ventilated patients with severe
acute respiratory syndrome in COVID-19 (SARS-CoV-2)
abstract: Severe acute respiratory syndrome (SARS-CoV-2) due to novel
Coronavirus

####################-c8559b6ddd6213bc91524397933bce33aea7d50f-####################
title: Improving early epidemiological assessment of emerging Aedes-
transmitted epidemics using historical data
abstract: Model-based epidemiological assessment is useful to support
decision-making at the beginning of an emerging Aedes-transmitted
outbreak. However, early forecasts are generally unreliable as little
information is available in the rst few incidence data points. Here,
we show how past Aedestransmitted epidemics help improve these
predictions. The approach was applied to the 2015-2017 Zika virus
epidemics in three islands of the French West Indies, with historical
data including other Aedes-transmitted diseases (Chikungunya and Zika)
in the same and other locations. Hierarchical models were used to
build informative a priori distributions on the reproduction ratio and
the reporting rates. The accuracy and sharpness of forecasts improved
substantially when these a priori distributions were used in models
for prediction. For example, early forecasts of nal epidemic size
obtained without historical information were 3.3 times too high on
average (range: 0.2 to 5.8) with respect to the eventual size, but
were far closer (1.1 times the real value on average, range: 0.4 to
1.5) using information on past CHIKV epidemics in the same places.
Likewise, the 97.5% upper bound for maximal incidence was 15.3 times
(range: 2.0 to 63.1) the actual peak incidence, and became much
sharper at 2.4 times (range: 1.3 to 3.9) the actual peak incidence
with informative a priori distributions. Improvements were more
limited for the date of peak incidence and the total duration of the
epidemic. The framework can adapt to all forecasting models at the
early stages of emerging Aedes-transmitted outbreaks. Model-based
assessments must be done in real time for emerging outbreaks: this was
the case in recent years for MERS-CoV in the Middle East [1, 2, 3],
Ebola virus in West Africa [4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, 10] , chikungunya virus
(CHIKV) [11] and Zika virus (ZIKV) [12, 13, 14] in the Americas. These
analyses often focused on transmissibility and reproduction numbers
rather than on forecasting the future impact of the epidemic. Indeed,
forecasting is dicult before the epidemic reaches its peak, all the
more when information on natural history, transmissibility and under-
reporting is limited [15] . Yet, it is precisely at the beginning of
an outbreak that forecasts would help public health authorities decide
on the best strategies for control or mitigation. Several methods have
been used to make epidemic predictions, including exponential growth
models [5, 16] , sigmoid-based extrapolations [17] , SIR-type models
[18] and more realistic model 1 . CC-BY-NC 4.0 International license
is made available under a

####################-9e780780dbaf35c0d537ddb290dfd484148a3c55-####################
title: Estimating the Relative Probability of Direct Transmission
between Infectious Disease Patients
abstract: Estimating infectious disease parameters such as the serial
interval (time between symptom onset in primary and secondary cases)
and reproductive number (average number of secondary cases produced by
a primary case) are important to understand infectious disease
dynamics. Many estimation methods require linking cases by direct
transmission, a difficult task for most diseases. Using a subset of
cases with detailed genetic or contact investigation data to develop a
training set of probable transmission events, we build a model to
estimate the relative transmission probability for all case-pairs from
demographic, spatial and clinical data. Our method is based on naive
Bayes, a machine learning classification algorithm which uses the
observed frequencies in the training dataset to estimate the
probability that a pair is linked given a set of covariates. In
simulations we find that the probabilities estimated using genetic
distance between cases to define training transmission events are able
to distinguish between truly linked and unlinked pairs with high
accuracy (area under the receiver operating curve value of 95%).
Additionally only a subset of the cases, 10-50% depending on sample
size, need to have detailed genetic data for our method to perform
well. We show how these probabilities can be used to estimate the
average effective reproductive number and apply our method to a
tuberculosis outbreak in Hamburg, Germany. All rights reserved. No
reuse allowed without permission. The copyright holder for this
preprint (which was not peer-reviewed) is the author/funder. .
https://doi.org/10.1101/612945 doi: bioRxiv preprint 3 Our method is a
novel way to infer transmission dynamics in any dataset when only a
subset of cases has rich contact investigation and/or genetic data.

####################-0aff00101d5ccc6592987185ab833f95d842f98b-####################
title: Potentially highly potent drugs for 2019-nCoV
abstract: The World Health Organization (WHO) has declared the 2019
novel coronavirus (2019-nCoV) infection outbreak a global health
emergency. Currently, there is no effective anti-2019-nCoV medication.
The sequence identity of the 3CL proteases of 2019-nCoV and SARS is
96%, which provides a sound foundation for structural-based drug
repositioning (SBDR). Based on a SARS 3CL protease X-ray crystal
structure, we construct a 3D homology structure of 2019-nCoV 3CL
protease. Based on this structure and existing experimental datasets
for SARS 3CL protease inhibitors, we develop an SBDR model based on
machine learning and mathematics to screen 1465 drugs in the DrugBank
that have been approved by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration
(FDA). We found that many FDA approved drugs are potentially highly
potent to 2019-nCoV.

####################-af266fac8970a7960e96630a67d91bec5dda0335-####################
title: Estimating the generation interval for COVID-19 based on
symptom onset data
abstract: Estimating key infectious disease parameters from the
COVID-19 outbreak is quintessential for modelling studies and guiding
intervention strategies. Whereas different estimates for the
incubation period distribution and the serial interval distribution
have been reported, estimates of the generation interval for COVID-19
have not been provided. Methods: We used outbreak data from clusters
in Singapore and Tianjin, China to estimate the generation interval
from symptom onset data while acknowledging uncertainty about the
incubation period distribution and the underlying transmission
network. From those estimates we obtained the proportions pre-
symptomatic transmission and reproduction numbers. Results: The mean
generation interval was 5.20 (95%CI 3.78-6.78) days for Singapore and
3.95 (95%CI 3.01-4.91) days for Tianjin, China when relying on a
previously reported incubation period with mean 5.2 and SD 2.8 days.
The proportion of pre-symptomatic transmission was 48% (95%CI 32-67%)
for Singapore and 62% (95%CI 50-76%) for Tianjin, China. Estimates of
the reproduction number based on the generation interval distribution
were slightly higher than those based on the serial interval
distribution. Conclusions: Estimating generation and serial interval
distributions from outbreak 1 . CC-BY-NC-ND 4.0 International license
It is made available under a author/funder, who has granted medRxiv a
license to display the preprint in perpetuity. is the (which was not
peer-reviewed) The copyright holder for this preprint .

####################-b801b7f92cff2155d98f0e3404229c67b60e2f9f-####################
title: Realtime 2-5A kinetics suggests interferons β and  evade
global arrest of translation by RNase L
abstract: Cells of all mammals recognize double-stranded RNA (dsRNA)
as a foreign material. In response, they release interferons (IFNs)
and activate a ubiquitously expressed pseudokinase/endoribonuclease
RNase L. RNase L executes regulated RNA decay and halts global
translation. Here we developed a biosensor for 2',5'oligoadenylate
(2-5A), the natural activator of RNase L. We found that 2-5A was
acutely synthesized by cells in response to dsRNA sensing, which
immediately triggered cellular RNA cleavage by RNase L and arrested
host protein synthesis. However, IFNs of types I and III (IFN-β and
IFN-). Our data suggests that IFNs escape from the action of RNase L
on translation. We propose that 2-5A/RNase L pathway serves to rapidly
and accurately suppress basal protein synthesis, preserving privileged
production of defense proteins of the innate immune system. RNase L is
a mammalian enzyme that can stop global protein synthesis during
interferon response. Cells must balance the need to make interferons
(which are proteins) with the risk to lose cell-wide translation due
to RNase L. This balance can most simply be achieved if RNase L was
activated late in the interferon response. However, we show by
engineering a biosensor for the RNase L pathway, that on the contrary,
RNase L activation precedes interferon synthesis. Further, translation
of interferons evades the action of RNase L. Our data suggest that
RNase L facilitates a switch of protein synthesis from homeostasis to
specific needs of innate immune signaling. . CC-BY 4.0 International
license is made available under a The copyright holder for this
preprint (which was not peer-reviewed) is the author/funder. It .
https://doi.org/10.1101/476341 doi: bioRxiv preprint The 2-5A system
is also a surveillance pathway for endogenous dsRNAs from mammalian
genomes. Cells with adenosine deaminase 1 (ADAR1) deficiency
accumulate self-dsRNA that promotes 2-5A-driven apoptosis 8 . 2-5A
synthesis in the presence of low amounts of endogenous dsRNAs does not
cause cell death, but functions as a suppressor of adhesion,
proliferation, migration, and prostate cancer metastasis 17,18 .
Additionally, activation of the 2-5A system also blocks secretion of
milk . CC-BY 4.0 International license is made available under a

####################-0acc1f9a1c333a9a6b2dbba4a252d7576f024783-####################
title: SKEMPI 2.0: An updated benchmark of changes in protein-protein
binding energy, kinetics and thermodynamics upon mutation
abstract: Motivation: Understanding the relationship between the
sequence, structure, binding energy, binding kinetics and binding
thermodynamics of protein-protein interactions is crucial to
understanding cellular signaling, the assembly and regulation of
molecular complexes, the mechanisms through which mutations lead to
disease, and protein engineering. Results: We present SKEMPI 2.0, a
major update to our database of binding free energy changes upon
mutation for structurally resolved protein-protein interactions. This
version now contains manually curated binding data for 7085 mutations,
an increase of 133%, including changes in kinetics for 1844 mutations,
enthalpy and entropy changes for 443 mutations, and 440 mutations
which abolish detectable binding. Availability: The database is
available at

####################-a09c1ad0f05bbcc256cd667ad7411e6690134370-####################
title: Association of Population migration and Coronavirus Disease
2019 epidemic control
abstract: To analyze the impact of different patterns of migration
flow in two cities, Hefei and Shenzhen, on the epidemic and disease
control of Coronavirus Disease 2019 , in order to provide insight for
making differentiated controlling policies. Hefei and Shenzhen between
January 19 and February 11, 2020, from data officially published by
the provincial and municipal Centers for Disease Control and
Prevention (CDC). From these data we calculated basic reproduction
number R0 to reflect the rate of spread of COVID-19 in these cities.
Aggregated data of population migration during the same period was
extracted from Baidu Migration. The change of R0 in the two cites were
analyzed and compared. Spearman correlation analysis between R0 and
population inflow from epidemic focus were performed.

####################-f89618a7949b8ff9b92c87ca5b839a3107957b5c-####################
title: A novel defective recombinant porcine enterovirus G virus
carrying a 2 porcine torovirus papain-like cysteine protease gene and
a putative anti- 3 apoptosis gene in place of viral structural protein
genes 4 5 6 Ryo Imai
abstract: Enterovirus G (EV-G) belongs to the family of
Picornaviridae. Two types of recombinant porcine 36 EV-Gs carrying
papain-like cysteine protease (PLCP) gene of porcine torovirus, a
virus in 37 Coronaviridae, are reported. Type 1 recombinant EV-Gs are
detected in pig feces in Japan, USA, 38 and Belgium and carry the PLPC
gene at the junction site of 2C/3A genes, while PLPC gene 39 replaces
the viral structural genes in type 2 recombinant EV-G detected in pig
feces in a Chinese 40 farm. We identified a novel type 2 recombinant
EV-G carrying the PLCP gene with flanking 41 sequences in place of the
viral structural genes in pig feces in Japan. The ~0.3 kb-long
upstream 42 flanking sequence had no sequence homology with any
proteins deposited in GenBank, while the 43 downstream ~0.9 kb-long
flanking sequence included a domain having high amino acid sequence 44
homology with a baculoviral inhibitor of apoptosis repeat superfamily.
The pig feces, where the 45 novel type 2 recombinant EV-G was
detected, also carried type 1 recombinant EV-G. Although the 46
phylogenetic analysis suggested that these two recombinant EV-Gs have
independently evolved, 47 type 1 recombinant EV-G might have served as
a helper virus by providing viral structural proteins 48 for
dissemination of the type 2 recombinant EV-G. 49 50

####################-2dc6766fe253b1b832d8a3074404fb5daae4762f-####################
title: Transferrin binding protein B and Transferrin binding protein A
2 expand the transferrin 1 recognition range of Histophilus somni 2 3
Running title: TbpB and TbpA2 broaden specificity of
abstract: The bacterial bipartite transferrin receptor is an iron
acquisition system that is required for 12 survival by several key
human and animal pathogens. It consists of the TonB-dependent 13
transporter Transferrin binding protein A (TbpA) and the surface
lipoprotein Transferrin binding 14 protein B (TbpB). Curiously, the
Tbps are only found in host specific pathogens, and are 15 themselves
host specific, meaning that they will bind to the transferrin of their
host species, but 16 not to those of other animal species. While this
phenomenon has long been established, neither 17 the steps in the
evolutionary process that led to this exquisite adaptation for the
host, nor the 18 steps that could alter it, are known. We sought to
gain insight into these processes by studying 19 Tbp specificity in
Histophilus somni, a major pathogen of cattle. A past study showed
that whole 20 cells of H. somni specifically bind bovine transferrin,
but not transferrin from sheep and goats, 21 two bovids whose
transferrins share 93% amino acid sequence identity with bovine
transferrin. 22 To our surprise, we found that H. somni can use sheep
and goat transferrins as iron sources for 23 growth, and that HsTbpB,
but not HsTbpA, has detectable affinity for sheep and goat 24
transferrins. Furthermore, a third transferrin binding protein,
HsTbpA2, also showed affinity for 25 sheep and goat transferrins. Our
results show that H. somni TbpB and TbpA2 act to broaden the 26 host
transferrin recognition range of H. somni. 27

####################-736b4793b11d01f4b55ea53eaf59f7325493b27b-####################
title: Knowledge and attitudes of Ebola among the general public of
Trinidad and Tobago during the 2014-15 West Africa outbreak
abstract: Objective: Health system resilience and resilience of a
country include the capacity of health personnel, institutions, and
populations to prepare for and effectively respond to crises. This
study investigates the knowledge and attitudes of the public
concerning Ebola Virus Disease in Trinidad and Tobago. Design and
Methods: A cross sectional study whereby respondents (n = 920) were
sampled from public places. Data were collected via interviewer
administered questionnaires. Data were analysed using SPSS version 23.
Results: The response rate was 67.6 % (622/920). The main age category
of responders was the 20 to 30 year age category (40.5%); responders
were mostly female (58.0 %). Regarding knowledge, there were
significant differences among occupational categories (F = 2.811, df1
= 6, df2 = 571, p-value = 0.011). Tukey's HSD post hoc test revealed
that the mean knowledge scores for professional and sales occupations
differed significantly (p-value = 0.003). There was a significant
association between being afraid to go for treatment and age (p-value
= 0.001). Significant associations were also found between
occupational grouping and education attainment with opinion about the
preparedness of private medical facilities, likelihood to shun family
members with Ebola, being afraid to go for treatment and preference
for traditional medicine (p-value <0.05). This study highlights
opportunities for community engagement to enhance health system
resilience during outbreaks which would maximise national and global
health security. All rights reserved. No reuse allowed without
permission.

####################-7ea2f1ca7b3c2370d413ae990eb71b2b990c91fe-####################
title: Clearing the FoG: Antifungal tolerance is a subpopulation
effect that is distinct from 3 resistance and is associated with
persistent candidemia 4 5
abstract: Drug susceptibility, defined by the minimal inhibitory
concentration (MIC), often does not 25 predict whether fungal
infections will respond to therapy in the clinic. Tolerance at supra-
MIC 26 antifungal drug concentrations is rarely quantified and current
clinical recommendations suggest 27 it be ignored. Here, we measured
and characterized drug-response variables that could 28 influence the
outcomes of fungal infections and be generalizable across major clades
of 29 Candida albicans, one of the most frequently isolated human
fungal pathogens. We quantified 30 antifungal tolerance as the
fraction of growth (FoG) above the MIC and found that it is clearly 31
distinct from susceptibility/resistance measured as MIC. Instead,
tolerance is due to the slow 32 growth of subpopulations of cells that
overcome drug stress more efficiently than the rest of the 33
population, and correlates inversely with the accumulation of
intracellular drug. Importantly, 34 many adjuvant drugs used together
with fluconazole, a fungistatic drug, reduce tolerance 35 without
affecting resistance. These include inhibitors of major stress
response hubs such as 36 Hsp90, calcineurin, PKC1 and TOR.
Accordingly, in an invertebrate infection model, adjuvant 37
combination therapy was significantly more effective than fluconazole
alone in treating highly 38 tolerant isolates and did not improve the
treatment of isolates with low tolerance levels. Furthermore, isolates
recovered from immunocompetent patients with persistent candidemia 40
displayed significantly higher tolerance than isolates that were
readily cleared by fluconazole. 41 Thus, tolerance correlates with the
response to fluconazole therapy in patients and may help 42 predict
whether infections will respond to fluconazole alone. Similarly,
measuring tolerance may 43 provide a useful clinical parameter for
choosing appropriate therapeutic strategies to overcome 44 persistent
clinical candidemia. 45 46 47 48 49 All rights reserved. No reuse
allowed without permission. The copyright holder for this preprint
(which was not peer-reviewed) is the author/funder. .
https://doi.org/10.1101/206359 doi: bioRxiv preprint 50 A goal of
antimicrobial susceptibility testing is to predict the clinical
success or failure of 51 antibiotic therapy. Some infections are
recalcitrant to drug treatment due to 'resistance', which 52 refers to
microbial growth in the presence of drug concentrations that inhibit
susceptible 53 isolates 1,2 . Susceptibility is commonly measured as
the Minimal Inhibitory Concentration (MIC) 54 after 24 h of growth in
the presence of drug 3,4 . Fungal infections generally follow the
"90/60" rule 55 for predicting therapeutic outcomes based on in vitro
susceptibility testing: ~90% of susceptible 56 isolates and 60% of
resistant isolates respond to therapy 5-9 . This implies that
infection 57 outcomes are influenced by host factors as well as
features of the pathogen that are not 58 reflected by the MIC 10,11 .
In effect, organisms that cause persistent infections, defined as
those 59 that are not cleared by a course of antifungal treatment,
have similar susceptibilities to 60 organisms that are readily cleared
by a course of antifungal treatment 12 . Accordingly, it is 61
important to identify measurable parameters that can contribute to
disease severity. Only four classes of antifungals are currently in
clinical use, and resistance to azoles, 63 including fluconazole
(FLC), the most commonly administered antifungal against Candida 64
species, is an increasing problem. Altered drug uptake/drug efflux and
changes in ergosterol 65 biosynthesis (the target for azole drugs) 13
are the major known mechanisms of azole resistance. Stress responses
have been proposed as a third mechanism of antifungal resistance 14 .
A 67 broad range of small molecules enhance antifungal activity in
vitro and in vivo, with inhibitors of 68 Hsp90, calcineurin and TOR
the most prominent among them 15-18 . Combination therapy using 69
antifungals together with such inhibitors has been proposed as a
promising strategy to extend 70 the efficacy of current drugs
[19][20][21][22][23][24]25,26,27 . In addition, several
psychotherapeutic agents such as 71 fluoxetine, fluphenazine or
sertraline can enhance FLC activity against fungal species 21,28-30 .
Whether such adjuvants affect therapeutic outcomes remains to be
addressed. Persistent candidemia, defined as the failure to clear a
bloodstream infection caused by 74 a susceptible organism 12,31,32 ,
is associated with increased mortality. In one study, the mortality 75
All rights reserved. No reuse allowed without permission. The
copyright holder for this preprint (which was not peer-reviewed) is
the author/funder. . https://doi.org/10.1101/206359 doi: bioRxiv
preprint rate was 54% among infections with persistent candidemia and
only 3% among those with non-76 persistent candidemia 33 . Mechanisms
underlying persistent candidemia may include variability 77 in the
pharmacology of the drug, suboptimal dosing, presence of fungal
biofilms on indwelling 78 catheters, and reduced immunity. We posit
that some responses to the drug are not captured 79 by measuring the
MIC alone and that additional parameters could be used to predict the
80 likelihood that a clinical isolate might respond poorly to
antifungal drugs. Furthermore, 81 understanding the mechanisms that
underlie these parameters is critical for the development of 82 new
therapeutic approaches against persistent Candida infections. 83 MIC
measurements have been optimized to minimize or ignore residual fungal
84 growth 9,34,35 , termed 'tolerance' or 'trailing growth', which has
been discussed in the literature for 85 over 20 years 36,37 and is
detected in 25-60% of clinical isolates 4,10,19,38-44 . This
recommendation 86 is based upon studies of acute infections using the
mouse model of bloodstream candidiasis 45-87 47 , and the observation
that isolates with high trailing growth in mucosal infections respond
88 positively to short term antifungal treatment, despite later
recurrence of infection 48 . Trailing 89 growth is sensitive to
environmental conditions, including pH, temperature and nutrients
3,49,50 90 and is usually detected in liquid cultures. Definitions of
'tolerance' vary and generally describe 91 survival or growth above
inhibitory concentrations 2,10,28,38,51-56 , detected as slow growth
within 92 the zone of inhibition using E-strips or disk diffusion
assays 57,58 , or in broth microdilution 93 assays 38,39 . Tolerance
can be affected by several adjuvant drugs 19-24 , iron levels 19,59 ,
genes 94 involved in vacuolar protein sorting 38,47 , as well as
calcium flux 28,55,59-61 . However, the precise 95 relationship
between the outcome of fungal infections and tolerance or trailing
growth has not 96 been determined. Because tolerant cells continue to
divide in the presence of antifungals, we 97 postulated that they
contribute to the persistence and/or recurrence of fungal infections.
Here, we measured susceptibility and tolerance in a broad range of
clinical isolates 99 spanning the major C. albicans clades 62-64 and
asked how these parameters influence fungal 100 infection outcomes. We
analyzed disk diffusion assays using diskImageR, and quantified the
101 All rights reserved. No reuse allowed without permission. The
copyright holder for this preprint (which was not peer-reviewed) is
the author/funder. . https://doi.org/10.1101/206359 doi: bioRxiv
preprint radius (RAD) of the zone of inhibition, a parameter that
relates to the MIC 65 , and the fraction of 102 growth (FoG) within
the zone of inhibition, a parameter that measures tolerance
19,38,50,66-68 . We 103 found that a range of adjuvant drugs, used in
combination with FLC, increased drug cidality by 104 reducing FoG and
not MIC and were effective both in vitro and in vivo at inhibiting
strains with 105 high (and not low) FoG levels. Finally, highly
tolerant isolates were associated with persistent 106 candidemia,
suggesting that knowing the tolerance level of an infecting isolate
may have 107 important clinical implications and may inform treatment
options. 108 109 Results Tolerance measured as FoG is distinct from
drug resistance. We quantified drug 111 responses in C. albicans
isolates from different genetic backgrounds and types of infections
112 using diskImageR, a quantitative analysis tool that measures RAD,
the radius of the zone of 113 inhibition, an indicator of
susceptibility that relates to MIC 69,70 , and FoG, the fraction of
growth 114 within the zone of inhibition, relative to the maximum
possible growth 65 (Fig. 1a) . A screen of 115 219 clinical isolates
(Supplementary Table 1 ) revealed that FoG levels ranged widely from
0.10 116 to 0.85 and did not correlate with RAD levels (Fig. 1b,c) ,
indicating that FoG and RAD measure 117 independent drug responses.
FoG was detected in response to other drugs including fungistatic 118
antifungals (azoles, 5-fluorocytosine) and, to a lesser degree, to
fungicidal agents 119

####################-9261e7a9a4d3febda29d574074a79f02376249a3-####################
title: Intrinsic checkpoint deficiency during cell cycle re-entry from
quiescence Condensed title: Underlicensing at cell cycle re-entry
abstract: The authors find that human cells re-entering the cell cycle
from quiescence have both an impaired p53-dependent DNA replication
origin licensing checkpoint and slow origin licensing. This
combination makes every first S phase underlicensed and hypersensitive
to replication stress. To maintain tissue homeostasis, cells
transition between cell cycle quiescence and proliferation. An
essential G1 process is Minichromosome Maintenance complex (MCM)
loading at DNA replication origins to prepare for S phase, known as
origin licensing. A p53-dependent origin licensing checkpoint normally
ensures sufficient MCM loading prior to S phase entry. We used
quantitative flow cytometry and live cell imaging to compare MCM
loading during the long first G1 upon cell cycle entry and the shorter
G1 phases in the second and subsequent cycles. We discovered that
despite the longer G1 phase, the first G1 after cell cycle re-entry is
significantly underlicensed. As a result, the first S phase cells are
hypersensitive to replication stress. This underlicensing is from a
combination of slow MCM loading with a severely compromised origin
licensing checkpoint. The hypersensitivity to replication stress
increases over repeated rounds of quiescence. Thus, underlicensing
after cell cycle re-entry from quiescence distinguishes a higher risk
cell cycle that promotes genome instability.

####################-f7b069911c90d9deab85becbad3e9a633e0bf57c-####################
title: Inferring the number of COVID-19 cases from recently reported
deaths Centre for the Mathematical Modelling of Infectious Diseases
COVID-19 Working Group
abstract: We estimate the number of COVID-19 cases from newly reported
deaths in a population without previous reports. Our results suggest
that by the time a single death occurs, hundreds to thousands of cases
are likely to be present in that population. This suggests containment
via contact tracing will be challenging at this point, and other
response strategies should be considered. Our approach is implemented
in a publicly available, userfriendly, online tool. . CC-BY 4.0
International license It is made available under a is the
author/funder, who has granted medRxiv a license to display the
preprint in perpetuity. The copyright holder for this preprint . We
applied our approach to three countries which recently reported their
first COVID-19 deaths (Spain, Italy, and France), using the same range
of parameters as in the single-death analysis. In order to compare
predictions to cases actually reported in these countries, projections
were run until 4th March. Overall, predictions from the model using
the baseline scenario (R = 2, CRF = 2%) were in line with reported
epidemic sizes (Table 2). Results from other scenarios are presented
in the Supplementary Material. Actual numbers of reported cases fell
within the 50% quantile intervals of simulations in all three
countries Italy (median: 1 294 ; QI50%: [390 ; 3 034]; reported: 2
037), France (median: 592 ; QI50%: [177 ; 1 705]; reported: 190) and
Spain, (median: 202 ; QI50%: [95 ; 823]; reported 202). . CC-BY 4.0
International license It is made available under a is the
author/funder, who has granted medRxiv a license to display the
preprint in perpetuity. (which was not peer-reviewed) The copyright
holder for this preprint .

####################-311a15d92b87b2bc41f00afed881b95e93c22fcc-####################
title: Comparative analysis reveals adaptive evolution of bat IFITMs
and a novel 1 antiviral determinant
abstract: doi: bioRxiv preprint 65 required for the antiviral activity
of both IFITM3 and IFITM1 [9]. The subcellular localization of 66
IFITMs is a key determinant of their antiviral profile. When expressed
singly, IFITM3 and IFITM2 67 preferentially localize to early and late
endosomes and lysosomes, and restrict viruses that enter via 68 these
endo-lysosomal compartments. In contrast, IFITM1 primarily localizes
at the cell surface and 69 can restrict viruses that enter through the
plasma membrane [11-14]. Indeed, mutants of IFITM3 70 that lack an
N-terminal endocytic sorting motif 20 YEML 23 localize to the plasma
membrane and lose 71 their ability to inhibit influenza A virus (IAV),
alphavirus and coronavirus infection by endosomal 72 routes [14-18].
73 74 Studies focusing on IFITM3 restriction of IAV and Semliki Forest
Virus (SFV) indicate that virus 75 internalization is unaffected by
IFITM3 expression and, for SFV at least, the viral envelope 76 . CC-
BY-NC-ND 4.0 International license author/funder. It is made available
under a The copyright holder for this preprint (which was not peer-
reviewed) is the . https://doi.org/10.1101/737841 doi: bioRxiv
preprint 109 knockout mice show enhanced morbidity after infection
with IAV, alphaviruses and flaviviruses [33-110 .

####################-67a2ae408efcb6686a22ae27435c7e4fa10c4a21-####################
title: Title: First 12 patients with coronavirus disease
abstract: Introduction: More than 93,000 cases of coronavirus disease
have been reported worldwide. We describe the epidemiology, clinical
course, and virologic characteristics of the first 12 U.S. patients
with COVID-19. We collected demographic, exposure, and clinical
information from 12 patients confirmed by CDC during January
20-February 5, 2020 to have COVID-19. Respiratory, stool, serum, and
urine specimens were submitted for SARS-CoV-2 rRT-PCR testing, virus
culture, and whole genome sequencing. Results: Among the 12 patients,
median age was 53 years (range: 21-68); 8 were male, 10 had traveled
to China, and two were contacts of patients in this series. Commonly
reported signs and symptoms at illness onset were fever (n=7) and
cough (n=8). Seven patients were hospitalized with radiographic
evidence of pneumonia and demonstrated clinical or laboratory signs of
worsening during the second week of illness. Three were treated with
the investigational antiviral remdesivir. All patients had SARS-CoV-2
RNA detected in respiratory specimens, typically for 2-3 weeks after
illness onset, with lowest rRT-PCR Ct values often detected in the
first week. SARS-CoV-2 RNA was detected after reported symptom
resolution in seven patients. SARS-CoV-2 was cultured from respiratory
specimens, and SARS-CoV-2 RNA was detected in stool from 7/10
patients. In 12 patients with mild to moderately severe illness, SARS-
CoV-2 RNA and viable virus were detected early, and prolonged RNA
detection suggests the window for diagnosis is long. Hospitalized
patients showed signs of worsening in the second week after illness
onset. for use under a CC0 license.

####################-83323659de2f2d5ed3ca6ada7cf137a8a17bb014-####################
title: Alpha-ketoamides as broad-spectrum inhibitors of coronavirus
and enterovirus replication Structure-based design, synthesis, and
activity assessment
abstract: The main protease of coronaviruses and the 3C protease of
enteroviruses share a similar active-site architecture and a unique
requirement for glutamine in the P1 position of the substrate. Because
of their unique specificity and essential role in viral polyprotein
processing, these proteases are suitable targets for the development
of antiviral drugs. In order to obtain nearequipotent, broad-spectrum
antivirals against alphacoronaviruses, betacoronaviruses, and
enteroviruses, we pursued structure-based design of peptidomimetic
a-ketoamides as inhibitors of main and 3C proteases. Six crystal
structures of protease:inhibitor complexes were determined as part of
this study. Compounds synthesized were tested against the recombinant
proteases as well as in viral replicons and virus-infected cell
cultures; most of them were not cell-toxic. Optimization of the P2
substituent of the aketoamides proved crucial for achieving near-
equipotency against the three virus genera. The best near-equipotent
inhibitors, 11u (P2 = cyclopentylmethyl) and 11r (P2 =
cyclohexylmethyl), display low-micromolar EC50 values against
enteroviruses, alphacoronaviruses, and betacoronaviruses in cell
cultures. In Huh7 cells, 11r exhibits three-digit picomolar activity
against Middle East Respiratory Syndrome coronavirus. We chose the
chemical class of peptidomimetic a-ketoamides to assess the
feasibility of achieving antiviral drugs targeting coronaviruses and
enteroviruses with near-equipotency. Here we describe the structure-
based design, synthesis, and evaluation of inhibitory activity of a
series of compounds with broad-spectrum activities afforded by
studying the structure-activity relationships mainly with respect to
the P2 position of the peptidomimetics. One of the compounds designed
and synthesized exhibits excellent activity against MERS-CoV. RESULTS
Our efforts to design novel a-ketoamides as broad-spectrum inhibitors
of coronavirus M pro s and enterovirus 3C pro s started with a
detailed analysis of the following crystal structures of unliganded
target enzymes: SARS-CoV M pro (ref. 25-27; PDB entries 1UJ1, 2BX3,
2BX4); bat coronavirus HKU4 M pro as a surrogate for the closely
related MERS-CoV protease (our unpublished work (Ma, Xiao et al.; PDB
entry 2YNA; see also ref. 27); HCoV-229E M pro (ref. 27,28; PDB entry:
1P9S); Coxsackievirus B3 3C pro (our unpublished work; Tan et al., PDB
entry 3ZYD); enterovirus D68 3C pro (ref. 29; PDB entry: 3ZV8); and
enterovirus A71 3C pro (ref. 30; PDB entry: 3SJK). During the course
of the present study, we determined crystal structures of a number of
lead a-ketoamide compounds in complex with SARS-CoV M pro , HCoV-NL63
M pro , and CVB3 3C pro , in support of the design of improvements in
the next round of lead optimization. Notably, unexpected differences
between alpha-and betacoronavirus M pro were found in this study. The
structural foundation of these was elucidated in detail in a
subproject involving the M pro of HCoV NL63; because of its volume,
this work will be published separately (Zhang et al., in preparation)
and only some selected findings are referred to here. The main
protease of the newly discovered coronavirus linked to the Wuhan
outbreak of respiratory illness is 96% identical (98% similar) in
amino-acid sequence to that of SARS-CoV M pro (derived from the RNA
genome of BetaCoV/Wuhan/IVDC-HB-01/2019, Genbank accession code:
MN908947.2; http://virological.org/t/initialgenome-release-of-novel-
coronavirus/319, last accessed on January 11, 2020), so all results
reported here for inhibition of SARS-CoV will most likely also apply
to the new virus.

####################-8b2e50eb3ea84225580fbdbccccb4fcd3f062feb-####################
title: Title: Intrinsic growth rules of patients infected, dead and
cured with 2019 novel 1 coronavirus in mainland China 2
abstract: Background 33 An outbreak of a novel coronavirus (SARS-
CoV-2)-infected pneumonia was first occurred in Wuhan, China, in
December 2019 and then spread rapidly to 35 other regions. It has been
declared that at least one confirmed case infected by 36 SARS-CoV-2
was found in each province of China by late January 2020. 37 We
collected the time series data of the cumulative number of confirmed
infected, 39 dead, and cured cases from the health commissions in 31
provinces in mainland China. 40 A simple descriptive model in a
logistic form was formulated to infer the intrinsic 41 epidemic rules
of COVID-19. Furthermore, we compared the intrinsic epidemic rules 42
of COVID-19 in Hubei with that of severe acute respiratory syndrome
(SARS) in 43 Beijing, which was obtained from the Ministry of Public
Health of China in 2003. 44 The feature of data of three population
groups in all the provinces could be well 46 captured (R 2 >0.95) by
the proposed descriptive model with slight variation among 47 (which
was not peer-reviewed) The copyright holder for this preprint .

####################-cbc05d14c57b91081970a232ab83bc993f998fe2-####################
title: Incubation Period and Other Epidemiological Characteristics of
2019 Novel Coronavirus Infections with Right Truncation: A Statistical
Analysis of Publicly Available Case Data
abstract: The geographic spread of 2019 novel coronavirus infections
from the epicenter of Wuhan, China, has provided an opportunity to
study the natural history of the recently emerged virus. Using
publicly available event-date data from the ongoing epidemic, the
present study investigated the incubation period and other time
intervals that govern the epidemiological dynamics of COVID-19
infections. Our results show that the incubation period falls within
the range of 2-14 days with 95% confidence and has a mean of around 5
days when approximated using the best-fit lognormal distribution. The
mean time from illness onset to hospital admission (for treatment
and/or isolation) was estimated at 3-4 days without truncation and at
5-9 days when right truncated. Based on the 95th percentile estimate
of the incubation period, we recommend that the length of quarantine
should be at least 14 days. The median time delay of 13 days from
illness onset to death (17 days with right truncation) should be
considered when estimating the COVID-19 case fatality risk.

####################-402041df2d9812dbcdae08153d0350eee170eea9-####################
title: Chemogenetic evidence that rapid neuronal de novo protein
synthesis is 3 required for consolidation of long-term memory
Introduction 82
abstract: Translational control of memory processes is a tightly
regulated process where the coordinated interaction and 47 modulation
of translation factors provides a permissive environment for protein
synthesis during memory 48 formation. Existing methods used to block
translation lack the spatiotemporal precision to investigate cell-49
specific contributions to consolidation of long-term memories. Here,
we have developed a novel chemogenetic 50 mouse resource for cell
type-specific and drug-inducible protein synthesis inhibition (ciPSI)
that utilizes an 51 engineered version of the catalytic kinase domain
of dsRNA-activated protein (PKR). ciPSI allows rapid and 52 reversible
phosphorylation of eIF2α causing a block on general translation by 50%
in vivo. Using this resource, 53 we discovered that temporally
structured pan-neuronal protein synthesis is required for
consolidation of long-54 term auditory threat memory. Targeted protein
synthesis inhibition in CamK2α expressing glutamatergic 55 neurons in
lateral amygdala (LA) impaired long-term memory, which was recovered
with artificial chemogenetic 56 reactivation at the cost of stimulus
generalization. Conversely, genetically reducing phosphorylation of
eIF2α in 57 CamK2α positive neurons in LA enhanced memory strength,
but was accompanied with reduced memory 58 fidelity and behavior
inflexibility. Our findings provide evidence for a finely tuned
translation program during 59 consolidation of long-term threat
memories. Memory is the capacity of an organism to encode, store, and
retrieve information, and often guides the 83 action of the organism
towards a better survival outcome. Aversive life-threatening events
often lead to long-84 term associative memories between the
environment in which those events were experienced in and the 85
threat, such that a salient cue from the event when presented again
can elicit species-specific defensive 86 behaviors. Pavlovian cued
threat conditioning is a useful experimental paradigm for
understanding the 87 biological substrates of an associative threat
memory, in which a neutral cue (e.g. light or tone) co-presented 88
with an innately aversive stimulus (e.g. air puff or footshock)
elicits a defensive response such as freezing by a 89 repeat
presentation by itself 1 . Cued threat conditioning is particularly
amenable to studying memory 90 consolidation process because one-trial
training is sufficient to form a persistent long-term memory and a 91
unimodal cue can be used for memory retrieval. Long-term aversive
memories are thought to recruit a 92 distributed network of neurons
across the brain, including subnuclei within amygdala, hippocampus,
thalamus, 93 as well as the neocortex, depending on the brain state,
cue complexity, and the sensory pathways engaged 2, 3 . Lateral
amygdala is the central sensory gateway for the amygdaloid complex and
is crucially engaged both in 95 the processing and storage of the
associative aversive memories 4, 5, 6 . Decades of studies have
reported that consolidation of long-term memories requires one or more
98 waves of new protein synthesis after the memory is first encoded 7,
8, 9, 10 ; however, the use of pharmacological 99 protein synthesis
inhibitors (PSI) in these studies is burdened with limitations. For
instance, an extensively 100 used PSI, anisomycin, causes unwanted
side effects that include superinduction of immediate early genes, 101
activation of stress signaling pathways, and catecholamine release 11,
12 . Pharmacological PSIs also do not 102 discriminate between
molecularly heterogeneous cell populations and thus, do not allow
manipulation of cell 103 autonomous protein synthesis. Genetic
approaches to alter the translation machinery at the initiation step
104 provide less ambiguous evidence for the role of protein synthesis
in memory processes 13, 14 . However 105 constitutive deletion of
genes encoding translational control molecules lacks the temporal
control needed to 106 convincingly interrogate the role of protein
synthesis in memory consolidation. Past attempts at making 107
chemogenetic tools for blocking protein synthesis have had limited
success 15 . A key regulatory step in mammalian protein synthesis is
the assembly of active eIF2.GTP and initiator-110 methionyl tRNA into
a ternary complex that binds the 40S ribosome. Various types of
cellular stress engage 111 pathway-specific protein kinases that
phosphorylate the α subunit of eIF2 on serine 51, which converts eIF2
112 from a substrate to a competitive inhibitor of eIF2B, a guanine
exchange factor that promotes the conversion of 113 inactive eIF2.GDP
to active eIF2.GTP. Thus, phosphorylation of eIF2α stops the recycling
of the ternary 114 complex and inhibits general translation 16 .
However, phosphorylation of eIF2α also leads to a paradoxical 115
increase in gene-specific translation of transcripts harboring
upstream open reading frames (uORFs) by 116 overcoming the inhibitory
effects of uORFs on reinitiation at the putative start codon as
ternary complexes 117 decline 17 . Dephosphorylation of eIF2α occurs
during L-LTP as well as during consolidation and reconsolidation

####################-9b5f5119bbfbded3245acc37859cefde967458e7-####################
title: TITLE Containing Emerging Epidemics: a Quantitative Comparison
of Quarantine and Symptom Monitoring
abstract: Strategies for containing an emerging infectious disease
outbreak must be nonpharmaceutical when drugs or vaccines for the
pathogen do not yet exist or are unavailable. The success of these
non-pharmaceutical strategies will depend not only on the
effectiveness of quarantine or other isolation measures but also on
the epidemiological characteristics of the infection. However, there
is currently no systematic framework to assess the relationship
between different containment strategies and the natural history and
epidemiological dynamics of the pathogen. Here, we compare the
effectiveness of quarantine and symptom monitoring, implemented via
contact tracing, in controlling epidemics using an agent-based
branching model. We examine the relationship between epidemic
containment and the disease dynamics of symptoms and infectiousness
for seven case study diseases with diverse natural histories including
Ebola, Influenza A, and Severe Acute Respiratory Syndrome (SARS). We
show that the comparative effectiveness of symptom monitoring and
quarantine depends critically on the natural history of the infectious
disease, its inherent transmissibility, and the intervention
feasibility in the particular healthcare setting. The benefit of
quarantine over symptom monitoring is generally maximized for fast-
course diseases, but we show the conditions under which symptom
monitoring alone can control certain outbreaks. This quantitative
framework can guide policy-makers on how best to use non-
pharmaceutical interventions to contain emerging outbreaks and
prioritize research during an outbreak of a novel pathogen.

####################-5f06ba54c9208857d92abfd16488c44217f8d726-####################
title: Remote control of neural function by X-ray-induced
scintillation
abstract: Scintillators exhibit visible luminescence, called
scintillation, when irradiated with X-rays. Given that X-rays
penetrate through biological tissues, X-ray-induced scintillation
would enable remote optogenetic control of neural functions at any
depths in the brain. Here we show that a yellow-emitting inorganic
scintillator, Ce-doped Gd3(Al,Ga)5O12 (Ce:GAGG), can effectively
activate red-shifted excitatory and inhibitory opsins. Using these
scintillator-opsin combinations, we successfully activated and
inhibited midbrain dopamine neurons of freely moving mice by X-ray
irradiation, producing bi-directional modulation of place preference
behavior. The Ce:GAGG crystal was biocompatible and could be implanted
for a long period without progressive neuroinflammatory responses.
Neither brain injury nor behavioral dysfunction was acutely induced by
radiation during the behavioral tests. Thus, X-ray-induced
scintillation allows wireless control of cellular functions in living
animals, expanding X-ray applications to functional studies of biology
and medicine.

####################-a33f451d8e2caff57c1133f14198454a64993c47-####################
title: Monoclonal antibodies for the S2 subunit of spike of SARS-CoV
cross-react with the newly-emerged SARS-CoV-2
abstract: 1

####################-3b181a741d4beafda3ba3a8fc68239493d49f6aa-####################
title: Estimation of local novel coronavirus (COVID-19) cases in
Wuhan, China from off-site reported cases and population flow data
from different sources
abstract: Backgrounds: In December 2019, a novel coronavirus
(COVID-19) pneumonia hit Wuhan, Hubei Province, China and spread to
the rest of China and overseas. The emergence of this virus coincided
with the Spring Festival Travel Rush in China. It is possible to
estimate total number of cases of COVID-19 in Wuhan, by 23 January
2020, given the cases reported in other cities and population flow
data between cities. Methods: We built a model to estimate the total
number of cases in Wuhan by 23 January 2020, based on the number of
cases detected outside Wuhan city in China, with the assumption that
if the same screening effort used in other cities applied in Wuhan. We
employed population flow data from different sources between Wuhan and
other cities/regions by 23 January 2020. The number of total cases was
determined by the maximum log likelihood estimation. Findings: From
overall cities/regions data, we predicted 1326 (95% CI: 1177, 1484),
1151 (95% CI: 1018, 1292) and 5277 (95% CI: 4732, 5859) as total cases
in Wuhan by 23 January 2020, based on different source of data from
Changjiang Daily newspaper, Tencent, and Baidu. From separate
cities/regions data, we estimated 1059 (95% CI: 918, 1209), 5214 (95%
CI: 4659, 5808) as total cases in Wuhan in Wuhan by 23 January 2020,
based on different sources of population flow data from Tencent and
Baidu. Conclusion: Sources of population follow data and methods
impact the estimates of local cases in Wuhan before city lock down.

####################-c8df44a3612e85e267351e936ddeb8fc5867afa1-####################
title: The timing of one-shot interventions for epidemic control
abstract: The apparent early success in China's large-scale
intervention to control the COVID-19 epidemic has led to interest in
whether other countries can replicate it as well as concerns about a
resurgence of the epidemic if or when China relaxes the interventions.
In this paper we look at the impact of a single short-term
intervention on an epidemic. We see that if an intervention cannot be
sustained long-term, it has the greatest impact if it is imposed once
infection levels have become large enough that there is an appreciable
number of infections present. For minimising the total number infected
it should start close to the peak so that there is no rebound once the
intervention is stopped, while to minimise the peak prevalence, it
should start earlier, allowing two peaks of comparable size rather
than one very large peak. In populations with distinct subgroups,
synchronized interventions are less effective than targeting the
interventions in each sub-population separately. We do not attempt to
clearly determine what makes an intervention sustainable or not. We
believe that is a policy question. If an intervention is sustainable,
it should be kept in place. Our intent is to offer insight into how
best to time an intervention whose impact on society is too great to
maintain.

####################-f3ff1ecae96700f41b83d2a034a3a959428388b0-####################
title: participated in study design
abstract: and chest computed tomographic (CT) images were obtained and
analyzed. Findings All cases were confirmed by real-time RT-PCR,
including 52 males and 50 females with a mean age of 50.38 years (SD
16.86). Incubation time ranged from one to twenty days with a mean
period of 8.09 days (SD 4.99). Fever (86[84.3%] of 102 patients),
cough (58[57%]), fatigue (28[27%]), shortness of breath (24[23%]),
diarrhea (15[15%]), expectoration (13[12%]), inappetence (11[10%])
were common clinical manifestations. We observed a decreased blood
leukocyte count and lymphopenia in 21 (20.6%) and 56 (54.9%) patients,
respectively. There were 66 (68%) of 97 patients with elevated
C-reactive protein levels and 49 (57.6%) of 85 with increased
erythrocytes sedimentation rate. Higher levels of procalcitonin and
ferritin were observed in 19 (25.3%) of 75 and 12 (92.3%) of 13
patients, respectively. Eight patients were admitted to intensive care
unit (ICU), six developed respiratory failure, three had multiple
organ failure and three died. The cumulative positivity rate over
three rounds of real-time RT-PCR was 96%. One-hundred patients were
found with typical radiological abnormalities in two rounds of chest
CT scans, indicating a 98% consistency with real-time RT-PCR results.
Interpretation Most COVID-19 patients in Xiangyang were secondary
cases without sex difference, and the rate of severe case and death
was low. Middle-to-old-age individuals were more susceptible to the
virus infection and the subsequent development of severe/fatal
consequences. The average incubation period was longer among our
patients. We recommend prolonging the quarantine period to three
weeks. Three times real-time RT-PCR plus two times CT scans is a
practical clinical diagnosis strategy at present and should be used to
increase the accuracy of diagnosis, thereby controlling the source of
infection more effectively.

####################-68ed7bb581b0cf32116ee46767c08e3180b05c34-####################
title: Clinical characteristics of 36 non-survivors with COVID-19 in
Wuhan, China
abstract:

